Hey Bunn. Petia and Ivan are having a house party tonight in mile end so was planning to be there. What's on at passing clouds?.Sexy organisers sound good. It's some Bulgarian national wine day or something today... Should be messy.The zombeavers promo photo looked awesome. Awesomely bad.You should''ve come here Bunn :).Hey guys. If any of you are around, a bunch of us are going to a gig at the Dublin castle on wednesday. Cats mate is playing, she's a folk singer and she has a very hot voice. £6 on the door. Give me a shout if you are up for it x.Guys - do you all have tickets for cats birthday on the 14th?. If not, get them.Yeah, regression sessions on the 14th.. Sorry, assumed you all had facebook invites....I'm up for something tomorrow afternoon. Or sharing sams valium. Either works for me :).I'm going to do a few more hours revision then head out to meet you all early afternoon. Probably at about 2 or 3..Will see you there.I can drive a car / van to/from bristol in a day. But don't have one. If anyone knows someone in London with a big car I can borrow than we can do it. How much stuff you moving?.Sure I will. Car needs to live in London though.... If that isn't obvious.Catan sounds like an awesome way to spend a Sunday. I've got the 5-6 player expansion if that helps?.8 player catan would be truly epic.Martha - where abouts are you based? Gonna start cycling soon..Now I remember her saying that. That job sounds awesome.My dog used to keep getting attacked by geese..Good effort shaggy!.The only way human society can overcome the worlds problems (environment, war, inequality, crime, etc) is through political globalisation. The eu is a big step in that direction. Even if Britain gained did gain by leaving the eu, theres bigger issues at play here than just being 1 or 2% wealthier.. Anyone around for post work beers tomorrow night?.Vietnam (probably).  To Danang.I'm doing board games in brixton. But should be around in the evening at some point.I'm in for a couple. What time you there from?.What time you watching got?.Cool. Will head over now. Just need to find the bottom halves of my zip up trousers :). Shall I just bring loads of beer?.What's your postcode?.Not yours Martha. I meant the canning town one :).Just took me 30 mins to fix an inner tube. You dont want to take cycling advice from me :).Gonna be a while. Just got a second puncture :(.Still need ketchup and cheese?.Hi Marth and horde. I'm going to have to  bail as I have a proposal to write, and housemates birthday tonight. And I'm doing it on the horde as I can't work our how to send you a separate message.  Have an awesome day!.You can see how shaggy missed that....Hi all. There's lots of rain predicted in Saturday, so cat and I are trying to work out where to host our leaving bash. Do you guys remember the name of the place where Bunn had his birthday thing on the canal? Or can any of you recommend any decent pubs that have a fair amount of space in the northeast/east London area?.They've got a paid event on that nighy though. Dammit.So tomorrow - is night tales after Henry's thing? I thought Craig was going to Henry's.... Fairground looks like a good possibility..Where's sarahs thing tomorrow night (and who is Sarah?). We're still looking for things to do when the pub shuts..Cool beans.So mine and cats thing is at the old dairy in crouch hill. Walkable from finsbury park. We will be there from middayish so join early if you can. Am tempted to bring catan along with me....Yeah. Still here. Opposite old dairy x.Sam. We are 10 mins away. N4 3lq. Come here.Anyone round for a few post work beers later?.Anything goes really. Perhaps one of the pubs on the river near lb?.From 7. Does that work?.Cool. Will message round soon x.Let's meet at the old thameside inn, se1 1dg. It has food and sheltered outdoor area..Have I?.Leaving now. Running  few mins late.What time is got on tonight? Need to make sure im out of the office on time.Cool. Will get there for 8. Don't think cat is coming. She's got dinner in the shard.I just got in to canning town. Is it lamb chops we need? Anything else needed?.Hey guys. If anyone is around, me and cat and some random others are going to be having a few beers at the George in London bridge tonight from 7. Come along if you are around! X.Ag. .Oo. Omza