I'm seeing him tonight.:).I'm intrigued, what happened to your keyboard??....I'm gonna get the reddit app.Have you watched the US office? Great binging fodder.Get past the first few episodes, which try to copy the uk one, and then it gets going and is really funny.They can't do it half as cringey and awkward. I liked it from the first few episodes though.Your boss sounds creepy!.What! I quite often watch tv at work and people are fine with it.I'm busy tonight volunteering at a film festival. Let me know if you're out tomorrow eve Cat!.£28.50 I believe.Yeah sure I'll send you my deets.Classy breakfast photography. A cracker has never looked so retro-chic.I might be. A couple of vague plans which may not happen. Where are you thinking?.Sounds lovely. If my work drinks don't materialise (pretty likely) and jason hasn't bought us tickets to the cinema already (semi-likely as he's very excited about xmen) then I'm in!.What time are you about Alan?.Works for me. Let me know where you want to meet :).Tegan I might be early too, walking there from Westminster now. Postcode is wrong btw should be 9dg.My cat woke me up at 5am... Ughhh.I'm interested in that leaflet....Seems perfectly logical to me.It's good! I saw it last week. Better than the last one I thought. But you have to have watched first class otherwise it will make no sense at all.I want to park and wine too! Instead I'm going to Birmingham for work :( I bet it's grey there too, it's practically in the north.Birmingham also sunny, woo! Lonely wine and park, boo!.My train from Birmingham gets in to euston at 6.40, are you guys gonna be hanging around there for a while?.My train got delayed a bit but hopefully nearly there. Are you in a pub or outside somewhere or boatwards?x.Dave and teegs thanks for the flower yesterday - here's its new home in my wildflower bed!x.  [MEDIA] . (There aren't many other flowers yet).Mmm Tupperware aged kimchi. 2014 looks to be a good vintage.Was just reading an article about zombies when that flashed at the top of my screen so your urrgh had extreme zombie properties when I read it.I can confirm dave's undead status (in my mind) - adam you'll have to hurry to save tegan before it's too late!.Twitter will know. Twitter always knows....https://twitter.com/redhilltravel/status/478564810553315329.I would love to Dave but it's Jason's birthday on Friday and we have plans for the evening. What time are you gonna head down?.Sounds like a great day for it! Unfortunately I'm in Cambridge. My cousin is moored around kings cross this weekend, maybe you've passed each other in transit!.I've got Netherlands in my work sweepstake. Sorry krizia! Go Netherlands!. Win me that £16.Wooooo!!.What festival tegs?.Mike I have just read Altered Carbon and Trumpet - both v good. Currently reading 100 yr old man who climbed out of the window which is good so far!.Anybody about for beers after work? Soooo hot.I'm almost done now, working in bank today. Need to get myself to a park asap!.Anyone else think that Gary Linekar is ageing backwards?.I saw it last year - they all cycle crazy close together at insane speed..Definitely agree!. And to imagine what would happen if two crashed - it'd be the worlds most spectacular dominoes.Aw - that's a definite Dave-ism you've just used. I can only hear that word in dave's head in my mind.Nooo goodbye £16.Ah would love to but I have to pack for holiday woo woo!.We are off to Sardinia. Staying in a few different places but not heading right down south. Oristano, la madeleina and alghero.Ooh cool thanks!.My work put on a lecture today with my dissertation tutor! Also nostalgic!.Haha. I loves me an M&S gin-Tim. Tin*.Last time I was on a train we sat on the floor in the doorway drinking M&S Cosmo tins. #classy.Well you gotta get through the day, you know.Tegs is that Shakespeare thing on Saturday or Sunday? If Sunday I'll be back from Sardinia and would be up for it. I just went snorkelling and saw an octopus!.Just got back to a place with phone signal and looked at shit faced Shakespeare properly - looks AMAZING.. I can't really understand what's going on in these plays anyway so this will add a more entertaining dimension.2 for Shakespeare here please! With a drink sounds grand. [MEDIA] . Comedy Sardinian train. That can't be the train! Said I... It's the train..Between 2 stops and even though it's the only train on the line it managed to be 30 mins late. Oh Italy..Who do I owe for Shakespeare tickets, and where do I have to go and what time?.Lovely jubbly. Do you have plans for the afternoon/early eve? Currently got the post-holiday lazies so heading out seems much more appealing than unpacking.I could be up for food - we may have some garden bounty to share. [MEDIA] . Like a few beans?!.We will aim for 6ish.Yeah just tipped it down here! Might be a bit later as bike fixing had to be put on hold..Ok rain just got much worse! giving up on bike for now, aiming for 6 again with beans.Sorry tegs I'm already home or would love to. [MEDIA] .Yeah it's actually a proper replica.Is it beer o'clock yet?.Haha nice.Tegan are you still up for a drink in hackney wick later?.I can head up that way too.Yup I can be there 6ish... To this mystery park/tesco/Mexican combo location. What's it called?.There's a half finished bottle of cava at work which I might nick. Does anyone want to stand outside with me and drink it in about half an hour?.Still going in Victoria!.I'm here now with cava!. Heading to chipotle.I don't remember anything after the 4th bottle of wine.Ooh yay my shirt!.What debate is this?.My fruit bowl made my nectarine sad.  [MEDIA] . Or happy!.  [MEDIA] .He's dead now..Yeah, poor little guy didn't stand a chance. Far too tasty looking.Technically he was killed by his oxygen tank exploding. Set off by the eecigarette.So you're probably ok unless you're carting one of those around, in which case you're not that ok to begin with.I'm guessing he had some kind of smoking related illness - how ironic.It'd be bad for whoever finds you. Vaporised by poo.Tom means lesbian in Thai.. Specifically it means dyke. Any toms here?. Ben means stupid in Chinese too.Exactly how it sounds, tasty dyke broth. Thai has a letter in between d and t, which is used for tom yum soup. So it's a bit different.Have you been inside the horniman? They have a vastly overstuffed walrus it's awesome.I've been meaning to go for a while too, I'm in! They had a cool wildlife photography exhibition when I went before too. [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] . Chutney!. Martha that photo doesn't look real!. ...shaggy yours looks real.There are still plenty of green ones. Chutney went a bit wrong and has caramelised and gone almost solid!.I went to family day last year, it's no different to the other days.Love music?.Haha damn I thought maybe this was an awesome new genre. Good use of sad nectarine btw.  [MEDIA] .I felt far more Friday yesterday when I'd given up on productivity. Today I'm mainly panicking as a result of that..Haha that's one way to make a statement!.How about a gravestone with a tempting yet destructive clue: here lies Angela Clark, I buried the treasure under the house.Aww, looks like a little robot who has just learnt to express emotion.Haha love the dancing broccoli!.The person opposite me's nose has been whistling for a good 10 minutes now. How do you not sort that out?!.The tube is WHEEEEEE WHEEEEEE WHEEEEE. Tune*. It's driving me crazy.Haha.Looks interesting, afraid I probably can't tonight, I have as yet undefined plans. If the plans continue to be undefined for the next few hours I would be up for joining you!.Well my friend is visiting from America but she's had a 24 hour journey... So maybe I should say if she sleeps all day and doesn't call me then I will join you!.Maybe he's just passing on his greatest legacy. The name of an amazing piece of kitchenware. Being called george Forman must open a lot of doors in life.What happened?!?!. And what is that crazy spirit!!.Rocking a Burberry hat too, years ahead of the curve.I think it'll be a no, what do you think?.I didn't think I was bothered but actually I would be a bit sad if they voted yes. Like being dumped by someone I completely took for granted all these years.I agree, I think 55% at least for no.While they weight the results for sampling, they can't weight them for people lying. All the polls in 1992 predicted a labour win but it turned out that voting conservative was so uncool that people just didn't want to admit to it.Probably voting no is seen as boring but actually people do want the safer option?.Happy birthday teegs! It was nearly Scotland's birthday too.Haha that looks kind of menacing.So if I wear jeans? No cancer?.Wait... Jean skirts though. No jean skirts.Itsu used to have some really nice veggie potsu but they have got rid of them and replaced them with chicken and duck. I was mighty disappointed and now all their veggie food sucks. Apart from selected stores, lucky bastards.. Best veggie sushi is crushh. Crussh?. It all looks wrong!.I don't even know how to express how that comment made me feel. A cross between amusement and horror.  EMOJI[1f640]  EMOJI[1f63f]  EMOJI[1f639] .Hi horde! Does anyone know anyone who is between houses or something who might wanna stay at my house and look after my cat for a week when I'm on holiday? It's the 1st week of November..Oh really? Cool!.Awesome, that sounds perfect!. The cat is slightly high maintenance - the one time we ever left her alone overnight she brought a revenge pigeon into the house (her only ever kill), so as long as you can be in the house at least at some point overnight she should be fine!. I live in streatham btw if that's ok for you?.I have actually thought about it. You can buy these cat training litter boxes that fit in the toilet!. I think it's too late now though, she prefers the great outdoors.No, she gets too confused by that one! When I try she stands up on her hind legs. I will try again though!.Sam would you mind bringing my shirt to the globe tomorrow? I've lost all my hipster credentials without my plaid :(.Thank you!.Perky!.This is my favourite ever headline.  [MEDIA] . Or was... Until I saw that one.LOUD NOISES!.I actually have one of those vegetable sharpener peelers, one of the random Xmas presents my sister always gives me!. Yet to try putting the peelings on my face....Whaaaat! £40 a day that's nuts!.Are you still gonna be at London bridge when you stay at mine? 30mins on the train and £35 for the week :D.What's going on with that burger, why is bread in the middle?.Haha, you'd need something like a hockey goalie to save you I think