I swear your name just showed up as shagnog. I'm way too tired, see you at climbing tomorrow if I make it out in time..Who's going to the George later then? I'm going to miss climbing..Not that late, but definitely won't be able to get there before 7:30 so there's not much point..I'm on my way to old st, we meeting in road trip then?.Yea there's an air stewardess giving out coupons for free Guinness..When's everyone meeting Pete in Brixton?.Thought climbing was tomorrow..Balls is everyone going to that ghostbusters thing?.I'm not jealous at all *cries on the inside*. Someone had better break something tonight..So nearly fuck-this-shit o'clock... Anyone up for a pint in a bit?.Yea I'm in for southbank. Should be able to get there in 30-45 mins.En route. Shots shots shots shots!.Food is tempting, pizza from pizza express is like eating hot circles of garbage though..Can't believe you all bunked off. Anyone up for shots when I get back?.Fuck yea it's quittin time! I'm so happy I'm going to run home naked..Leave me some!! I'm still in fucking brum..Good shirt. Speaking of, I packed everything but a shirt, anyone got a spare?. Cba to go all the back to canning town.Fuck I can't find my ticket either, you don't really need to print one out do you?.Can I buy your one mike?.Nice, cheers dude..I'm out, anybody doing anything interesting?.Come round ours if you're bored Dave..Has Phil destroyed you with birthday beats yet?. What's all this warp records biz about Marth?.Acid brass sounds painful.Yea lets meet up after, some place classy..The cleaners nearly finished so we have to stay home and make it filthy again. Plus I have a gammon that's bigger than my torso I want to cook..So where's your tps report Sam?.Too verbose, try it keep it tight next time.. [MEDIA] . The adventures of shaggy part 2.Second that, I'm not going to a live gig looking this sharp..Is there still a spare ticket going?.Yea I'll probs come, where is it, where are meeting beforehand?.Cool cool, I'll call around 8 and see where you guys are..They need to integrate this with some sort of map so we can ping where we are.. I'm heading that way, anyone found a good drinking hole yet?.Merry Xmas! So who's got the most pants and socks?.No trains on Boxing Day?! What kind of 3rd world country do we live in?.Yea no can do I'll be working. Second sam's idea.Lasted 2 days then tapped out..Lol I'd love to have been in the design meeting for that toy..Boooooooooored..I'm tempted to majorly screw something up to give me something to fix.Shank?.So are we just chillin in c town tonight? Imma head round in about an hour or so I reckon..Fucking trains, It's only two stops from work to my house and it's cancelled for 20 mins, AARG. Can we just all ride llamas to get places from now on?.Yes Eliza! Fox sleds.Shaudeuuur. Chowdaaa.Just catching up on these messages, is everyone heading down tomorrow or tues?.I guess I'll train it down with you lot in the day then.. Those clothes are mine btw, I'll take them off your hands next time I'm round..Chris Alford no way, he must be king of some chilled out communist country in the jungle by now..Are you guys there now? I'm going to head over..Hail! Woohoo!.Just paid Bunn and Sam, I don't even have to update split wise, that's some next level shit right there.. Oh wait it didn't =(.Beer.They really went downhill since I left..I'll be there in 20.Woa who painted those?.He's just gone up 3 points in my book..Lol the first one to crack.There's something not quite Lego about that..I'm sober on a Friday night, what happens now?.Come round ours, strength in numbers.. Also I have.  [MEDIA] .Hopefully this much redbull will keep me going tonight..  [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . These yours v?.Agree, you should make that into a poster..I was on it just now.. You're only allowed 2 on at once?!.I'm game for that, I'll set up a direct debit with you tomorrow..I haven't had any problems with it so far..What bet is this?.I think I get free jabs at work..Happy bday Dave!. Also, if we're all choosing spirit animals I'm a jaguar..Another sober Friday, I can't take it anymore!!.Ha. Gotta love them ponies!.Yea I'm up for that..So where are we going for burgers tomorrow?. Shake shack?.For snow penises?.Inspiring, i might follow suit.Any of you not seen wolf of wall str yet? We're seeing it at 7:30 at canary wharf tonight..Well I'm coming round to pick up my squash racket before it starts so I'll throw  in some chicken and motivation juice (beer)..I was going to play tomorrow, is it lost outside of the house? Cus I think I moved it around last time I was there.. [MEDIA] .I'm up for it, need some serious endurance training beforehand though..Anyone know a good film to watch on netflicks?.Damnit I'm only just getting into Chinese man, that shit is so groovy.Did you end up seeing them last week Sam?.Just received a bollocking from a very angry, very pregnant Chinese business analyst.. That's definitely going in the top ten scariest things I've seen.Lol erectile dysfunction is an endorsed skill on LinkedIn, totes endorsing Sam for that..Gong hei fa choi! Or happy new year for all you guilo's..Lora Matt and me are meeting some peeps in Greenwich for some food then sheesha if anyone wants to come chill.Centre of Greenwich, we're going to do crazy stuff, if you catch my drift.. You're bent over at work until 2am?!. Surely not.Mad bingo with hookers and nose candy.Sit rep?.So what's everyone up to today?.Nice, is it a proper racing bike?.That sounds fun, I'm tempted to buy one just to do that..Maybe she'll have epic battles with the rat. We should arm her and throw a training montage.. And film the results. Make lots of money. And move to brazil.Didn't we use the glue trap the. Throw it in the snow last time?.I don't think it gets much more inhumane than that.Hbs? You lazy bastard.. Same from me though.Buses are so lame. Always late and always lame.But then I wouldn't get to complain and be bitter.Is anyone there now?.Sweeeeet.Omw. Where are you?. Is blackfriars a pub or something?.Yo where ma homies at, just got into dalston.Aight.What's going on in the Hakka. I'm down for some shiznit.That's messed up. Also, why is there a Hakka.Where in Westminster is it?.In this weather?. Thems is crazy. Come round here instead. We have champagne and bloody murders.So what's everyone up to tonight?.Same, still getting sloshed.A Bloody Mary with gin instead of vodka. Anyone want to come round for sheesha and weed.Second. And chicken.Damn I just replied on the other channel - most people paid and some people over paid so whatevs everyone who's left can just buy me a pint. That was hella fun seeing everyone as well, we should do mass meals more often.Nordic = shouting loads and pounding on tables yes?. Then I'm in as well..Sam that film you described just sounds like porn..Happy v day v, we're missing you too! But most of us are too inebriated to respond.Word. [MEDIA] . Borough market has some messed up fish.What time?. And where actually is that.Hackney wick is a mission and a half.What time are people heading over?. Ha, I'm not bailing out just making a point.Plus it's perfect weather for pubs.Oops, so you're heading there now?!.Ace.Why is the overground not working?!.Google maps says it'll take an hour to get there including a 23min walk at the home stretch =(. London transport sucks ass. Is it too late to change the location?.I don't trust tfl. But that's going to be the only decent way of getting there.It's not just me coming. It'll be fine, I'm up for a Sunday adventure. Especially with this weather.Notice. *nice.Yea I'm nearly there.I'm not surprised tfl failed at notifying everyone how much they fail.Yesterday was awesome, let's do it on a Saturday next time please.Great pub.Lora's too prude to taste it :-|.Truer words were never spoken.Duno, where are you guys.No idea what the pose was about but he was pretty adamant about it.That street food is going to be the end of us.Lol fell at the last hurdle?.Severely jealous right now.Not sure, but how's about a BBQ tomorrow?. 17 degrees and sunny apparently.Have it in c town?.If I find the missing ingredients on the way I'll pick them up.Sounds tasty. Work sucks, I didn't realise how much I love doing nothing until now..Welcome home brother, you're just in time for more drizzle and overcast weather.@tegs game on for lunch, I'll ping you in the morning. They may say it's going to be sunny.But I bet my monkey's uncle it's going to be cold and depressing.They may say I don't have a monkey.Who's going to stop me?.Don't listen to her Phil, listen to my hairy uncle.Well said young grass hopper.Where are ye?. I could go for a quick one.I'm just leaving, could meet at that place on the corner. Prince something?.Aight. I'm pretty much there now. Or are you talking to Sam?.Your vocab's gone out the hatch too.Yea I'm in there now. Hungover interviews are a tricky one. I never know whether it went really well because I was still drunk. But in retrospect they all went really well so I reckon we're onto something.Lol he's only just got back and you're asking him to cook.Noooo. Sorry I meant boooo. Goats cheese was in all the Indian cirrus. *currys.Is that good or bad?.@shag sounds like you're still drunk mate, good luck surviving the afternoon.Reminds me of benford's law, that one's pretty messed up.Who's up for a partaay, I need something to keep my attention or I'm going to fall asleep.Game on. When does the movie finish?. Also - really want to see that.Canary wharf?.Imma pop round ctown then.Lol sounds good.The fact made me laugh.Just witnessed a pidgeon swallow a cigarette butt. Nearly vommed. Ctown never fails to surprise.Me. Pidge probably had the best meal in a week.I'll bring all that shit and more Marth. What time are we talking?.No brunch tomorrow. Elbow ski is 9 or something isn't it?.Midday is subjective. I was hoping she'd give a time so that we could be 2 hours late.I'm gathering in the troops in ctown. Eta 40 mins?.Aww yeaaaaaaa normalise my tables. Nerds.Albion anyone?.Dave losing energy made me really sad for some reason. I order you to have a redbull.Old fashioned pub sesh sounds good.You could try touting to start off, I'm going to be out latish. Like, 7/8.That's clearly bullshit.I heard that when I was a kid but never believed it..Lol just found the pic of Lisa when she tried to go to a fancy dress party as a ninja and me and shaggy totally ruined it by going as terrorists.  [MEDIA] . Awkwaaard.More selfish people getting hit by trains on the overground.Lol such fail.Has anyone else noticed a plethora of streamed recent movies online. Probably nothing to do with Kim dotcom bring back in business... Probably nothing to do with Kim dotcom being back in business...Nice one bro =). Please tell me it's something awesome like cyber solution surgeon.It's funny how the NSA is the only government department that actually listens to its people.Where's an awesome place to go on a Saturday in London?.Duno, day. Nah it's not a date.Come on, ideas people, ideas. And less ooooooo.Yea bring it awn. What's everyone up to tonight?. I need to celebrate a successful code release last night. [MEDIA] .Game on, we're all going to throw a frisbee around someonewhere if anyone wants to join.Mint park. We're going there in 30 mins with champagne cheese and frisbee.Wait kennington I mean. Not mint park.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.48561,-0.1082207.Anyone else is welcome to join us, we're getting the party awn and shags bought too much champs.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.49506,-0.09896601. Come get some. [MEDIA] . Thanks Lora...That's numberwang. What's a taste card?.Dark.I don't have a bike plus I'll be knackered, up for anything else though.Fuck yea the nightmare is over. All work and no play makes bongo get fucked up in the day time.What sayeth everyone about going outside?. It's hella sunny.Got all the lai see from my relatives for Chinese nye last weekend.  [MEDIA] . I keep forgetting how massive my family is.Boo. Sunshine.They're all in c town. I'm heading there in a bit too. Come with us.. Join us...There's nothing hotter than a chick playing Bach.Where shag?. I'm heading out at 6, might pop along.Where?.Applause in a cinema. Impressive. The holocaust.Oops wrong chat.So.. What's e everyone up to today?.O ye hai. But I mean for the rest of the day.There's Hannah's thing.V I still have your camera, I keep forgetting to give it back.Sounds a.Is it moving?.Yea congrats.Guna bail, not really up for it.This day is fucking awesome!!.So, we bumped into Obama along southbank.  [MEDIA] .Count me in for boat times if there's room. Brighton's always going to be there..What's the addy? Might come along but try to do a quiet one as well, I'm running on 3 hours sleep =(.Good effort kritz.That was be pretty boss.Come round, there's a salmon with your name on it.474 metro central heights, se1 6dt on elephant and castle roundabout. Bring banter. And vino.Probably the most fucked up adventure time yet.Any time.People still at London bridge?. I can be there in like 30 mins. [MEDIA] . Second accident I've seen where someone gets carried away in an ambulance on the roundabout. Definitely avoiding it from now on.BAHAHA just read all this, that's one shitty Ryan air experience right there. Bet they end up charging you all for the engine that caught on fire.Anyone up to anything tonight?.Anyone up for pete's live-drawing to comedy this wed?.Haha oh yea.Yea I'm going to wait for the Phil to get back.Yea I bet she's just really far away.Everyone.We thronesing tonight??. Oh wait I keep forgetting you guys have already seen it.Sweet no code release tonight = party time.Whoop whoop.Yo who's up for sunny frolicking?.Haha I was wondering why you wrote p.s. Godzilla on the end of that mail.Sorry tegs just saw these, I'm out in aboot 20 mins. Man I miss the days when I could leave work before 6 =[.Get me one too!. I'm there imminently.By the beard of Zeus, it's windy.The helm of Themistocles you dare not mention Dionysus.Not fair, I'm not in ctown =(.Lol sounds intriguing.Oh had. *gad. Wait.. I'm not even there. No spoilers please.O?.Happy birthday dude.Pretty swanky for a crack den.Anyone up for a cheeky pint after work at one new change with me and Sam?. There's an awesome rooftop view of St. Paul's and apparently the toilets there are amazing.Yea that's not going to happen.. Worst case scenario we pub crawl along the central line.That's not a bad shout. Which park? And don't say canning town lol.I'm quitting early, schmoozed my boss big time. I'll be 20-30 mins samus.Sun + Camden is an awesome combo. I'll get to Sam and beat him into submission about the Camden idea.Yea lets just do that. Are you there now Bunn?.Love that place, that's the one on the canal right? I'll head there, probably be there before you guys.Tell work to come to Camden instead.This place is pretty nice, eta Bunn?.Camden Sam. Camaaaan.Where? Fancy a pint?.Heading to Sutton. Really want bobs lobster though. Might have to check it out tomorrow.Jessica's name is spelt gessi?!.Southbank?.Hells yea there's more peeps coming to southbank at 3 as well.Heading over now, can you drop a pin?.Eliza,we've just gone to get prosecco the girls are still on the rooftop though. [MEDIA] . Upside down but you get the point.Above it, up the yellow concrete stairs.Yea, markets are closing though, better get here fast.Sorry el bunero, my phone died just as you called.Heading George way.Come to the George!. There's frolicks to be had.Bar 90 in dalston or something similar with a 9 in it. Hackney wick I mean. That place was the bomb.That place though, I don't know whether I've mentioned it or not, is the bomb.What's the plan straight after work, anyone up for a pre-liverbashing weekend pint?.I'm out in a bit, nipping home first though. Is it weird that it feels like someone's stabbing my right lung when I breathe?.Does the b stand for booze?. If it does, I have a feeling things are guna be ooookaaaay.Yo al, when is everyone converging on the pub?.On my way in a bit!. It is rainy as fuck, nicely homely pub is a good idea.Lol.He looks like he's skipping through a field.Lol technology fail.Dibs. Can I come join mid afternoon?.BBQ is always a go. I'm going to meditate on marinade tonight.Bloody cars.Mum please let it be Friday already. *mmm.Yea TL;DR. They need some sort of summarising feature to condense all of today's messages into a one liner.I'll head over in like an hour if anyone's still around.I. LOVE. Big purple cows.I'm there already with cat and her mates come over. When is scruff. I'll take it.Game on, how much?.Yep at the back on the right when you get in. It would be so neat to text you the money. Can I wire it?.Do you like mellow stuff?. Wax tailor or hundred waters. Any of their albums.Same here I reckon, out at 7:30 ish.Same.I'm up for a pint Sam. Whereaboot?.Omw to l str now.Damn Dave, that's some creepy shit.Oh I didn't manage to marinade lamb in time. So we need lamb.The chops I made mid week were heavenly though so I count that as an overall win for me.Maybe we shouldn't invite YOU anymore!.You don't even bring meat. You're drumming tonight right? ....Lol at your definition of host shag. Coming from the station now I can pick some up if they're still open.Whaat, you guys knew I wasn't coming last week. Meat shop's closed. Pork and beef it is.VisiblyBullshit.Drinks at Yager later if anyone's interested.How did she manage to fuck it up so bad?. [MEDIA] . Sunshine burgers a la Phil and bong.Haha damn you kritz!. Tegs can we come over your way for some mojitos?.Think we'll head off in 20 or so, there's a pretty chilled vibe here atm, bloody love this hammock.We're heading over now, eta an hour I guess.There's only one way to find out.Especially if it's riddled with predictive text attempts.Oh shit I forgot the lamb chops. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .Where about is this Dave?.Instantly, followed by 40 minutes of crying?.Man you're on the cusp of getting a badass bike, let's get sidecars.Second.I'm out, World Cup opening drinks at work.What decade are you living in that you call it a travel case?. But more importantly, unlucky dude..Good shout, this will require immense restraint in not getting hammered during the England match at 23:00 though. Count me out of the car though, I'll try to bike it if I go.Ivan? The one that used to live with Harriet dobbins on?. Damnit, dobinson.I'm heading over, I'm actually excited about this World Cup. Not so pleased about getting South Korea in the sweepstakes at work though =(.And they're gonna win!. Yo Bunn where are you? I'm outside Florida. *floripa.The office is definitely starting to get hyped for the World Cup.  [MEDIA] . Someone drop a pin I'll be out shortly.ZZzzyjOpskjJfjjjcjqjXKJXJFKDJXKDkdkckxk.Me tooo swing by my building!.Yea I'm nearly there.Yo mike I'm outside m n a. A. Damnit! M n s. [MEDIA] .We're so cultured.Yo Sam where you at?.Fuckin A, check out my new ride.  [MEDIA] .Not being delivered until Monday though =(.Yep, woke up at 8 to go see Owen and Eliza as well, my brain is not liking me at the moment.And frolicks.Fuuuuuck you Rooney!!!!.They only have the weak skinny lamb chops, going for lamb shoulder pieces instead.Haa good ol family guy, you weren't that bad kritz and no need to calm down, although I'm wondering what's it's going to be like when Mexico is playing o.O.Kritzia, you dirty girl...Haha sure ;), sounds good though, I'll probably head over after work to get there for 7ish.About 7:30 for me.Shit, 8% battery =(. On my way!.I'm there because I must be a patron of theirs by now after the number of times I've been there.They'll be like holy crap, it's bongo de muerte! We'd better tell the on-call chefs to get in.On an unrelated note. MEH HI CO!. Good suggestion kritz, that place was the bomb.Is everyone coming up on Friday then?.Lol cheers.Thanks all, excellent choice of pics. No vroom vroom yet, delivery time is difficult on weekdays so I'll be receiving it on Friday morning. When are people heading back on Sunday?.Game on, nothing bad happened the last time I tried to race someone on a bike. Think Sam booked a table for 7:30.Hmm same here I reckon. Wait it won't take half an our to get there will it?.1 seat left with room for squeezage if needed.Anyone who wanted to pay by card last night or didn't pay, can you wire me the money. Ac: 11807145. Sort: 40-47-08.Bill was about 12 each.Please, let's not turn this into 4chan.Woo go Lora! Is Matt doing it as well?.Damn no bigass lamb chops again, it'll have to be those shoulder bits again.Good job guys, really proud of you, 2:12 is pretty damn good as well.Peeps who came to Lahore - I'm still 70 short on the bill so anyone who didn't pay please wire 12 to 11807145, 40-47-08.No probs t-to-the-e-to-the-agen.Cool cheers tegs.Cheerscheers.Heading to c town. Don't think I'll be able to make drinks I'm at ele.Did you actually buy me a ticket mike? I said I wasn't going, I have a release.Sam, do you remember trying to do those crazy 2-man forward rolls with me at the festival?. I have fucking huge bruises all over my thigh now.Ha awesome.Haaaaapppy birthday to you...Standard.Yea we totally had that nailed. You'll regret making fun of us when we come at you like a two man Catherine wheel.I've just finished my forced charity day for the year so I'm off early. Anyone else still bailing early?.Game on for camino at 6 then.Ah yea? I'll head over during half time.Heading off in a sec.Stay there !.There's a ticket going spare if anyone wants it. Booking code WBL1569909.How was zoo stuffs last night?.Amagaaaad. Anteaters are badass. Get one for c town, it can live in the bush.Waaaat? What a shocker.I still haven't seen any Colombians around here...Ha, game on.Anyone up for kopperberg pop up urban festival at some point?. It's on all month starting wed and looks super awesome.Kopparbergurbanforest.com. Friday?.Fair play, I might pop over for a quick look at some point but I'll contain a full on experience until you're back =).Is anyone there yet?. How crowded is it? I might head over.Omw.U S A! U S A! U S A!.I thought Brazil was sat.I'm half n half about the festival, probs won't go.Mmmm. Lamb chops. [MEDIA] .Did we establish whether the game was being played til the end at red?.Slags.We're going to a place down the road from us.More like London bridge. We're meeting some peeps at the anchor. Come join.Yep. For anyone else, just head to London bridge I'll drop a pin.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.50693,-0.09042431.Still haven't taken her out of the parking lot.Lol bbc have had to put 1-7(seven).I'm On my way!. Damnit I hate it when it autocorrects that.I'm outside under the gazebos. Managed to grab a table or two.Daym that looks sunny. No more pics.Anyone want drinks near ele and castle? I can't be fagged to move.The ship!. I'll head over in 5 mins. From home, so I'll be there in 20. I mean 10. [MEDIA] .I'm not too fussed tbh, I didn't want to see either of these teams play.Go Deutschland!. And go messi!.Bollocks, shambala's sold out.Ha, yea what a finish. I was just getting bored. What's the deal with green man?.Posting pics of drinking tequila in the sun while everyone's at work should be a crime =(.God damnit Sam!!!. Just wait until I get out, I'm going to hunt you down and drop kick you.Yea it's on all month. Let's take a gander on Friday.The sunshine is like rubbing salt in the wound too.I heard about that, I think they were meant to be playing at sgp last time I went but I missed it on account of being out of my mins. *mind.I'm up for a pint samus. I owe you a drop kick to the face. Where's your office now?.When's your thing Sam? I'll only be able to be out at 6:30.Who's not going to this theatre thing? I don't want to get there late and everyone buggers off.Who's buying tickets? I'm definitely in.We should get a mega group ticket thing.It is definitely fuck this shit o clock I'm going to start heading over.I'm STILL on the bus. I'm this close to murdering everyone on this bloody thing. I reckon I'll get there by last orders.We've just ordered at a Turkish place up the road, who ever finishes first has to meet the other guys.Yea nice one, much appreciated. Do you accept hugs as payment?.Magic toilets are ace, does the seat move as it talks?.@owen I just pissed myself watching that forward-roll raccoon.And if I were lord speaker, I'd force you both to compete in a forward roll competition.So anyone else up for the kopparberg urban fest tomo? 32 degrees is begging for a cold cidar.Sweet, reckon I'll try to sneak out as soon as I can. I really want a velcro suit so I can rip it off in one go as soon as I tap out at work.http://kopparbergurbanforest.com/.Yea get there early, it's going to be hot so it'll get packed quickly I reckon.I'm freeeeeeeeee.Every day is national tequila day to me. You just have to believe in it.Ah haha just saw some Croatia pics, did shaggy land on his face on day 1 or something?.Nah this was le boook de la face.Sounds gd I'm in, probs be out at 6:30.You there now?.A cunningly disguised roof terrace ay?.Out of 1 stages. I hear the headline act is the hobo that sits outside the tescos having a fight with a stray dog over chicken bones.I'm in, I'm heading back to ele anyway.Try one and find out. I bailed on southbank, I thought southbank centre was closer to London bridge. Also I think I have your keys Sam.Lol love it lize. I'm not even going to ask why.Lol the new Nathan for you just made me cry.The one where he tries to sell alcohol to minors.Oh sheeeet if you haven't seen it already, watch some Nathan for you, funniest shit I've seen in ages. It's similar to the Ali g stuff but in america - this guy pretends to be a business grad to help out businesses. But comes up with ridiculous ideas.Ha, quiet one my arse.Nice. Good jerb saym.Moo grill yea?.Ah fuck.The only google search results on google map for moo Argentina was moo grill. About 15 mins away.Order me a bigass steak I'm starving.Sirloin plx.Oh sheeet I have no idea.Take the average of everyone's. Maybe just 155.671038g.Sup suuup! Anyone at roebuck yet?.Sweet bongloratt are on their way. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . Anyone remember what this was about?.Bunn? Maybe. I think there's someone between Bunn and shaggy as well.Yager baaaaaar.Staying at home programming all night long. [MEDIA] .Where are you guys? Drop a pin.Just finishing up in ele and I'll head over to le park.Yea all good.Lol that's an amazing book cover, I love the meaningless quote from <insert random name>. It's almost as if they're already trying to make up for the fact that it looks so cheesy. .. You know he is actually an awesome writer...Wtf is that fort on the Thames, you can't see the sides of the river. Must be right near the estuary and who the fuck wants to live there. [MEDIA] . Lol.lol nice.Just talked to a guy called William Y Wang. I'm hoping he's used to people not being able to keep a straight face while talking to him.Lol I remember xxx! We cracked up so much when we saw it, think we were massively high or something. Like when I found out there's a guy in china called Tai mei shu that owns a shoe shop.Ppl still there? Lorbong are heading over.How long is this shindig on for? Feeling pretty lazy right now.Holy shit Marth.Steaks are a negatory, I got distracted by making naga chilli sauce. [MEDIA] . Yet another topless homeless guy carted away in an ambulance.Ducks do make for good spies.Thursday beverages?. Oh wait that's yesterday's messages. Whatsapp fail.Which pub tegs?.Game on, this has been THE longest week, the kind of week that transcends time and space.I know!!!. I feel like I've grown up, had kids, retired and I'm sitting on a park bench slowly dying in husk of a body. But thank fuck it's only Friday instead. Totes delirious right now, coke and pills anyone?.Think I'm only invited for the reception.That pic of us makes me laugh all the time. Completely sums up the lack of communication we had with the locals.I thought you said it was Friday henners, or is that something else.Nice sat is much better.Work drinks from 6 for me, but I'll come join after.I have as much trouble reading that picture as I do your texts.I don't think transcribing is going to work. We need one of us to go there and verify.Lol a client just sent me the same email 4 times, each one formatted slightly differently.Anyone cool?.Daym youz gat tizzo grizzlay to come to yo house partay?!.Shawty got skeeeeellz witha shotgundowntown.There's an asterix and obelisk film!. Saturday morning cartoons to the max.Duno, I'll see where ppl are in an hour. Must eat greasy chicken first. Wait are you guys at paperworks now?.Can I come join you guys? Drop me a pin.Amagad you're slightly further away than I thought. This changes everything. I'll be there in 30 mins or so.This place?.  [MEDIA] . It's not quite London bridge but it's call the dean swift.Lol noobs. [MEDIA] . Nice scrabble sesh guys. Wooden spoon goes to Bunn with an embarrassing last word of tee.I always have space for juan more Mexican.Mike have you re-scuffed your arm?.Lol that's pretty funny.Just buy a leather jacket. problem, pavement?.Lol that looks tasty.Dat ass.A mere tipple I assure thee.London bridge later, the anchor?.What's a colour run and how far is it?.Lol. I'm up for loud Mexican times. Also up for the colour run.I'm heading over in a bit.Not sure, I'm on fleet str. I might have to take a bus.Eta tegs?. Google says I'll be 15 mins.Go home then part timer =P.Lol I won't blame you if you leave, I'd rather be water boarded than bored.Just got here if anyone's around. The pints are on me. Just like an alcoholic milkybar kid.Aye.My favourite one was when we saw this should never happen, we've just opened the gates of hell in the logs. [MEDIA] .Lol just reading this years submissions to the Ig Nobel awards. The arctic science entry is: for testing how reindeer react to seeing humans who are disguised as polar bears. Scientists have too much time on their hands...Game on, I would of course need a substantial amount of funding. For all the acid needed for the experiments.You're welcome. More old news, alibaba's trading for the first time today.  [MEDIA] . I wish my CEO would wear a wig and sing elton john.I'm anticipating all our servers to crash when it starts. Everyone's trying to conveniently be out of office when it happens.That still doesn't make sense. [MEDIA] .How is everyone up already?. I feel like death.Plus I have weird writing all over my arms. [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] . What does it mean?!.You're chinese!.I'm omw now.Proper bo I tell thee.Lol never don't give up wins first prize. That guy really though it meant something.When is the run again?.Skirt size linked to breast cancer?!. I've seriously had enough of bbc news.I reckon we should all just go naked from the waist down to avoid looking stupid.I wonder what it must be like to have a permanently worried expression for the rest of your life.What's the BBQ situation like?.Everything about that sentence was indeedhomo. That's like saying I hate Jews. Noantisemetic.Bailing from the horde? =O.If this were a proper horde I'd be pillaging right now. In anger.First. Because no one explicitly took it and I'm the goldman sachs.I was just taking the piss, www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lx4poQw1mZo.I'll probs get there for 10.He's probably just referring to a cheap porno.It's funnier not knowing the joke.Mike and I are heading there. Probably be 20 mins.Woooobrixton Sam get yo ass here so we can head in.Pow.It's a state of mind.My mind is royally fucked from last night.I swear I heard the colour blue. But I can't remember what it sounded like.Wtf.There's still time. I'm not even there yet.Who cares, it's still a degree.Stuttgart Stuttgart Stuttgart Stuttgart.Does still being drunk from last night count?. If it does then you should probably down a few.V!! We're at the table we first came to..Hot.The bear was the last straw.London trains are ridiculous. We should go in strike.I just want to go to sleep.You're bringing your mum to stay in c town?. That's hilarious.I don't think my mum would like it in c town. She'd go on a cleaning rampage and mutter chinese criticisms. Ayyyaaaaaar, Yao mo gao chor!.There's fleas?! That couch is the bomb.The only place better to sleep in that house is the double bean bag.Happy geburtstag dude.Holy moly. Just yawn really loudly.Amen brother. It was like a spicy meal in a cup.It's a dog not an emo.Too dark?. Loving the brickwork in that room btw.What's everyone up to, anyone fancy a quick pint?.Aight soho it is. Whereaboots?.Sorry v, I don't want to intrude on your date with Sam ;).Is that you mike?.Both it reckon. Definitely exists. And now I want to go there.When are you guys heading over? I reckon I can jump ship in a bit.An art opening? Tonight?. Just stay out with us, we'll make our own art. Mike and Sam are perfecting a modern art technique. Involving vom, copious amounts of alcohol and pavements.Haha. Shame would definitely be a shade of green.Ah fuckin google.Whatsapp is completely dead around this area as well.I told you you should have synced it with my phone then I could've synced it with sam's.Lol bulb intervention is a clear winner.  [MEDIA] .What's everyone doing to Halloween?. That's like, next sat isn't it?.Fuck, I can't make it again. Let's have it on sat.Lol I want to photoshop that Phil face into all my photos