Eeeeexcellent....That's me. Send em through....That's always the way with hordes isn't it?.I've seen it and can confirm, it is good!.I like cycling and beer..Cat Empire are awesome. Go everyone. (I'll be away, unfortunately)..Guess what we are doing right now!?. [MEDIA] . I do everything in 3d.Caketan. P.s. awesome 3d catan Owen!. [MEDIA] .Guys I had to rush off. The promise of fish and chips lured me away. Was great to see you all, awesome boat! Thanks for having me aboard..I'd anyone up for doing critical mass bike ride tonight? Its the 20th anniversary!. And it night not rain.. Might*.Does a laser eye cat do laser eye surgery?.Not with that attitude!.http://i.imgur.com/VQLGJOL.gif.So who else heard very bad reviews of Godzilla?. I hope its a big plan to lower my Godzilla sized expectations, before absolutely smashing them later....I saw a couple of 2 star reviews knocking about. Might be people who accidentally watched the Matthew Broderick version though....I went to see it in the cinema for my birthday. Thought it was great. Haven't seen it since though....I thought I might have imagined that in my 11 year old birthday excitement and sugar rush.. Glad to hear it was real..I'd second radiolab and the bugle! Haven't got into any others really..The original link was blocked at uni for adult content.... I mean it's quite hot, but....Man.....Yes. Half an hour after you.. Your cries of Oberyn were... confusing..OberWIN! ...Wait.....Try Hussy instead.. [MEDIA] . Just an advert on the tube, making me sad about Oberyn....Trafik. Hoxton. Go.. Ooos wrong chat, bit you're welcome to come!.Is...that a yes?.Hells yes. Just woke up too. Now I think a fry up and a sit in the park....Get a bike!.Hey, sorry. Started sorting out our room into post uni mode and it's taking ages. NEXT series though....It's mid transformation. I'm pushing for a Castle Black theme, but Lyd has vetoed that..The other door!.It's a 'we hate zoos' thing. You wouldn't like it..Suarez was certainly hungry for that victory.The City and The City by China Miéville is good. Kind if detective story with bits of science fiction chucked in.. [MEDIA] . Hi from our magical toilet in Japan.. I am honoured to accept your waste.Party cone!.I read that as the arm-and-a leg-acy.Dropped pin - Dropped pin. . near Unnamed Rd. Isle Of Grain. Rochester, Medway ME3 0DX. . http://goo.gl/maps/k3YM9. I researched it.. [MEDIA] . Tomorrow s'gon rain..Bring snorkels and flippers..There is a Columbian version of breaking bad....(Oh shucks! Have you managed to convince the gangster by the street name of 'Tizzo Grizzlay' to attend your domicile gathering!).(Unintelligible babble).That's what SHE said..(After the 'incident').O, your rhymes are so reckless,. We'll show you up as a ludicrous,. feckless, slow loris.. Less ability than Boris.... Johnson at rapping,. caught you napping, prattling. about other's mothers,. but yours ain't getting no thinner,. Time to shut up and eat your dinner..I don't need no rhyming dictionary using critic,. The links and perfect timing, work when I just hit it.. If you read the flow like my man Shaggage. You'll find no space for baggage:. Ludicrous, said like the rapper, entrepreneur and actor. rhymes with reckless and is a determining factor,. In your freestyling downfall,. Your mind is so small,. I await your next reply, so. Alex Trofymenko,. Can just show. How its done yo.. Or alternatively teegz. Because I just want to play leagues....Oj you... You're just saying that because you got name checked....While you are dressed as a polar bear..What are fucky stars?.Rebranded as a kids cereal?.Aladeen.http://youtu.be/gmkIOSNoEBY.Lol member is slang for penis..Hash tag!....membered 12 people in that incident.