With the help of Tegs, Angie and Gee xx.  [MEDIA] .Urg, me too. Learning about the legal parameters of confidentiality on Monday morning is a downer for the rest of the day. I might go MadMen and keep a bottle whisky at work for such occasions..I vote for pub dinner also. Perhaps involving a pie..Sure. Which pub?.I am arrived. Sitting outside. X.Yup. Got my beer in hand. Mmm.Caaaaaaaaaaar!.Climbing tonight anyone?.Shit. Did PJ get arrested on his stag do?.Sup horde? Who wants to see Stewart Lee on Thursday 7 November? Xx.Ah, how about on the Tuesday? Anyone....Hmm, I see what you mean. I find that Stewart Lee is like good horror, the comedy is often in what he doesn't say and how you fill it in. He's very theatrical but bit in a camp way and he's true to his comic roots and honest. I think he's really funny. But that's just me... X.That seems fair. Let me know your conclusions. X.Mike will advise. His episodes 'Stewart Lee's comedy vehicle' are good and his show If You Prefer A Milder Comedian Please Ask For One is great, especially the cider part at the end. X.It's high ten time.Sure shaggy...sure.Tegan and I will be out later. Is the plan still wiggling in shoreditch? X.Unsubstantiated rumour! I will play along though..We're about to head off from kings cross. What's the plan?.Aight - we're en route. X.Well, that all ended suddenly. Hope everyone got home okay. Happy weekend. X.We're in Dorset this weekend. Boogy for us bunn.. [MEDIA] . This was in an old newspaper Tegan's nan showed us. Wish we had more news like this..Anyone climbing tonight? X.Aight. See you there. 6ish? Perhaps we cab find a pub after that, how do I put this, isn't the George..There has to be another good pub near London Bridge. Anyone?.Sam often wears nothing at all. We usually distance ourselves on those nights..Hey bunn, is that ticket still going?.I hope so cause Tegan will need a ticket too..I'm round kings cross not sure what to do with myself if anyone's near..Cheers Joe. Fancy some pool at hurricanes?.I'm easy boyo. Tegs is out laughing or some shit so I'm happy chilling on the boat or hitting some spheres around. X.Ring. Ring. Ring?.Yes. Bananaphone. :).Whoop. X. So do you have a spare ticket still bunn?.Yo. Tegs and I will grab those tickets bunn. What's the plan for tonight?.Yo fellow dub warblers. Where are you? X.There's been an exodus. We're outside McDonald's now. How you doing? X.Yeah. She got it..Aww. Then again, I'm twerking right now..We will Joe. We will.I've got hone friends round so no pool tonight. Sorry Joe. X.Is the one on the righ just an oven?.Fire ghost shark?.That is pretty cool. X.Aight. If you'd like me to do it by transfer can you send me your deets. Otherwise ull give it to you in hard cash when u next see you..Sup horde. Nightmares on Wax are playing at Scala next Thursday. Who's in? X.Tegs and I are on our way..The the next next station station.Yip.Ah.Are they planning on getting a let shark too?.Yoi! Tegan and I are coming to canning town tonight. Is anyone home? X.Wow, we're on our way. They'll all have passed out by now I expect..It seemed to be a film about breathing deeply in space. In HD..Yo. I'm going to see Hidden Orchestra at Scala on the 20th. Any takers?.Ossum.Yep.Yep. [MEDIA] . I think I work in Mordor. Wah..Almost? Better luck next time.Like a boss.Explain.Tegs bunn are in canning town about to get on the tube. You?.If you'd have said boring then maybe but interesting? No.I'm watching you.Us? Have you bonded with the person next to you and rallied against me?.So far the revolt has been underwhelming..  [MEDIA] . Tegan made this the other day. Which historical dictator does it remind you of?.Yo! Tegan got the job she was after so I was planning on taking her out for a bit then shimmying over to canning town. Any objections? Xx.Beer is always implicit! Job is as an analyst on the use of mobile tech in African agriculture. X.Awkward.DJs Krush, vadim and cam at KoKos on 4th of Jan. Any takers? Xx.During that game the party was pretty much split into boys and girls. Primary school disco. But with beer..I don't think you can talk about hot girls and primary school anymore. Damn yewtree..Hunger games = good?.Sightseers is amazing! Jumbo pencil..Happy birthday dude. Xx.Bakawk. No. X.Yo. Can someone add Tegs to the group plz? xx.Her work phone is 07718 243702.I think only her work phone has whatsap.Good question. She's not sure how it gonna work with her work phone contract so best use her old number for general use now..Yes please ;).You suggested beer like 10 mins ago! X.God bless the beer baron.Benefit of the coach is that it's 3 mins from Cate's place. Station is a half hour walk. X.I know that one. It's actually dick loveitt which is even better..Good to see you back bunn. You have a good time in the mountains?.Is it cool for me and Tegs to join in encouraging Shaggy? X.Yeah, it'd be great to borrow your sofa tonight if there's anything left of it.x.Our hero! *crowds cheer*.Tegs and I are coming over soon. X.What's the brick lane plan?.You did wipe her cunt though mike..I might back out of this one..Shucks. Merry Christmas all! Xx.Looking good. Anyone fancy going to see muppets Xmas at Leicester square? We didn't make it yesterday. X.Die Hard, the only Xmas film you need..How many of you guys fancy die hard tomorrow? We have 4 tickets spare. Do we need more? X.Danger is what Xmas is all about..Ossum..Yep..It's at the prince Charles cinema on Leicester square. I'm going to be in some pub nearby from around 7, feel free to find a pub before then and hold the fort..Nice. See you then..I do. Tom can't make it..Yep. You, me, Tegs, bongo, shags and Phil.. And mike.. Sorry mike.Tom still can't make it. X.I'm in the water stones near Covent garden. You?.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5108167,-0.1245954. Lamb and flag. I'm holding us a table if desired..33 rose St, rather than the dot whatsap gives..Come join.Shaggy and Phil. Where are you?.Cheers bunn, watcher of the horde.Yippie Kay yay merry Christmas. Xx.Merry Christmas! Xx.I got no pants or socks. Gonna be a cold commandoing year..I still live it though.. Love.Who wouldn't kill that national trust guy?.I'll bring ropes for tying down the house. What would you do without me?.Car would be great if there are people happy to drive. Phil, are you still game? X.Last time we went to brokenhurst broklesby.Brockenhurst even.Heh, too much excitment. Are you training or carrying cate?. Urg, carring.Marth reckoned that two cars with four in each would be around 34 quid each.. How many are going?.Could get a couple of 7s. Marth worked it out as 46 each that way..Could taxi.You're walking aren't you Sam?.Sounds good. I'm out of work at 1230. What time are we leaving?.There's a car crew and a train crew. These are mentioned about 10 messages ago. Can only stay until the 1st. Gonna be playing with cards. Need booze. X.Tegs and I are thinking of training down if it's just gonna be one 7 seater car..At work :(.I guess that it is a bit of a mission if we're off the next day. Would have been great to see the sea though..Heh, perhaps I can take a trip out on your garden boat..Roast red peppers are great cold.Agreed, though she should try and get a refund if possible..I'm happy to chip in V. Also very happy to help with food..Is anyone not up for relocation to c town?.Fancy a hand getting it ready tonight? Perhaps in testing the sofa out..You can trust me....Woot. There's a plan to meet Chris Alford tonight if anyone's up for that. X.Sounds like a rerun of the last brick lane night. Any better suggestions?.Sounds like the plan is to meet at the big chill in kings cross..Hell yeah Cate! I'm heading to the big chill bar near king cross now. Others should be around from 7. X. I'd have thought so. Can keep in touch. X.Holding us a table at big chill. Come join.c.Come come. X.Hey cate, how's progress? X.Sounds goods peeps. We've got a quart of vodka and will help dish out the fodder. Xx.Veggie sausages x lots. Crisps. Onion rings, both crisps and oven cooked, peppers for roasting x lots, in fact lots of veggies so we can cook. So potatoes, aubergine, chick peas x lots, courgettes. ONIONS.. Garlic too. And chillis. And some berlotti beans.Please.I got vodka already. Reassign goods..Yo Morrison's crew. How's the hunt?.Aw.Let's get some khalua, that stuff makes good cocktails. And grenadine. Mmm.Do it baby.Another prescription of tough love from Dr Shagz.Woo.Hey O, you feeling better?.With the right mindset cock, meat, pork and jerk are all candidates..*bows his head gracefully*.Do they have a veggie burger?.Agreed.Arse?.I can't believe it starts with 50.Would that be at the wharf?. Pop quiz: how tall is the shard? No cheating!.Harp. I have no sense of height eiyher....and that's why I hate mike.Apologies, bored at lunch..Burgcoup.Agreed.Silver linings playbook sounds good.. And the shard is 310m..I guess the legroom won't make much of an impression on you so it's only right to enjoy the drinks. X.Drool..Do you get better food?.Don't eat the fish.I'm lost too. Early night?.Ooh. Looks good. I'm on the boat tonight. Have fun with the spice paste..I love my scarf. I'm glad to be in a position to wear it.. [MEDIA] . This is under the bridge by my boat on Saturday. Thought I'd share cause it looked awesome. X. It also looks like a crazy warrior if you turn it clockwise 90 degrees.We're out downstairs.Deets?.Ah, the unpronounceable aqueduct in Wales! I'd love to, its a proper dream. Might have to take a few weeks off work for that. Mmmm.See you there. Where is it? X.Teeth for pubes. For reasons stated.Sebright Arms. 31-35 Coate Street, London, United Kingdom. https://plus.google.com/116757992074649157691/about?hl=en-US.Great burgertimes everyone. X.I also have two tickets! So one is free there. Xx.I'd like to be the cross between a snake a the toilet duck. Xx.DUCK!.Excited! Xx.We're gonna be a few mins late as the next train isn't for 10 mins. The table is in Tegan's name if anyone get a there first..I'm up for tomorrow. So are o and e.Hmm, can we do both? Is there a docklands burger place? Or a cinema near a burger bar?.There was a double film plan. Wall at tomoro and 12 years a slave on Wednesday. Thoughts?.Owen, Eliza? Make yourselves heard!.Canary wharf methinks.We're joining you. Looking to see if we can burger on the wharf beforehand.Aight. Any votes on burger venue tonight?.I agree with everybody! Merry Christmas! Xx.Gbk please. Byron looks weak for the veg veg.It's underground. We went for nandos instead which is next door.. And yes, canary wharf x.Good update.It finished. It was pretty good, didn't feel like three hours. There are some great scenes and it's very entertaining but a bit shallow. Perhaps that's the point.. EMOJI[1f425] .I'm hungry.Num x.An important lesson for us all.  [MEDIA] .Sounds good. What night?.Maybe Wednesday..My life as a turkey - lifechanging. 'O brother where are thou' is great if you've not seen it.So angry she did give birth?.Can we grab your code please sam..2045? Tegs?.Sounds good.Doesn't look like it unless anyone else wants to join.Is anyone at the wharf yet? X.Mike - Tegs thinks we should get tickets then eat to avoid disappointment. What's the code and when are you getting in?.Cool. I'm waiting for Tegs by the wasabi near the DLR.. location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5049908,-0.0196487.Where's that?.Move over time mug. It's....  [MEDIA] . Belt watch.Is it cool for Tegs and I to stay over tonight as the tube is gonna make travel to Uxbridge crazy..Let's buy Mousetrap and use that.Will try sam. Not sure what transport is like here. Xx.How's the northern?.Another pearl of wisdom from Japanese gameshow chicken.I remember nothing and therefore I am not to blame for any of my actions.Grue. I've achieved nothing today. Yesterday was great though. Good weather great friends. X. [MEDIA] .ETA?.I can. I may leave the wharf now. Will I be back in time?.Running very late. Sorry..We're really near Shoreditch high St station.What place?.There's a hella queue. We're thinking c town. Bongo agreea.Outside dragon.Homeways is bestways.They're going home. I'm staying.Yes YES.Dress as a monkey and climb it.Welcome home guys. Xx.Drunken. So, the same ;).There's a glass which can hold a bottle of wine. A BOTTLE OF WINE!.I hope Phil doesn't want to see it..Awesome like chocolate owl.Randy like a new man.Pickled as an onion.Easy like Sunday morning.Whoop!.Ossum. Either is good for me. X.I'll be out around 7.I don't have to imagine. Grue.Anyone at c town? X.Good lord.Criminy. Too long at work dude. I though you were out getting your freak on..Second.Woot to both.It does wigs. Xx.You need to delete the feed from your list. Sorry to see you go though. Xx.Phil returned with schnaps and then went on a beer run. Of would have been rude not to drink!.Maybe. Where's the meal at? And when? X.Why do a thing like that?.Bunn, I'm afraid I've left some bits on your room. Sorry for the mess. Xx. [MEDIA] . Wish I was pancaking it up. This is my view..How goes your leaving Tegs? Did you recover your passport? X.Poor girl. Best get a multicoloured umbrella! X.Anything happening tonight? I want to do something..Aight. I'm off to explore the docklands. See you later. X.I'm on a strange walk to canning town. Lost my energy for the night. Unless its a free bar..Yes sir! X.Happy Friday everybody! X.Tout?.Aha. It all make sense now..Nice! Spot the odd one out!. (It's the man with the hat).What time does it start? We should also move topic to gigs group so Joe Cainey can join in..Well it doesn't converge to anything. Depending on how you cluster the sums it appears it could converge to 0 or 1. In general for an infinite series to be convergent the underlying sequence being summed must converge to zero..Your mum takes zeta(1) and has room for more. #mathslag.C town bath. [MEDIA] .One of us. One of us.Did you record a bag again. That's a bag habit..Lol.Phil, are you at c town or have you left for Georgia?.What's everyone up to?.Where is it?.Apparently its good for us veggies.Yea.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5143373,-0.1476895.Yeah that was a great night. Next time I'm having a burger tho! Xc.Cheers Marth. God bless the facts. X.From all accounts I'm reading Andrew Lansley's Health and Social Care Act has essentially privatised the NHS. I'd keep my eyes on politicians - it's when we stop watching them that the shit hits the fan..Right, sorry about the late update. We have a problem with the boat which *may* be fixed tomorrow but may not. So I think its best to cancel boat plans for this weekend (also rainy) and say that we will cruise another day. Sorry all. Xx.Goig! Why that video? Why?.I feel like my eyes got whatsraped.Yes! I'm in x.Yeah, and there was some drunk Austrian swinging his t shirt over his head the whole time.It is a lot for a ticket. Thoughts? X. Btw, just listening to Night Walks by Hidden Orchestra again. Such a good album..I dunno, I asked this guy about it on the platform and he just said braaaaaaaaaains.Cheers dude, so happy..Hi horde. Who did I lend my prince Charles cinema card to? Was it you Phil?.Phil?.Wah.Aw, cheers V. I don't need it anytime soon bit just wanted to know where it is. Xx.Where's everyone at? X.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5471548,-0.345303. To our crew for the day: thar be where we be.Maybee I willz  master Bunn, or maybee I wontz.Kritzia! Are you coming? We're heading off soon. X.Tegs and I are in Dorset sadly. Have fun . x.Anytime man. Good luck strategising..Aw, too late. I'm all at home. Unless you're drinking in ladbrook grove...?.Ladbrook grove is great if you're into big hooters of an evening.  [MEDIA] .I'm on it. Where you boozing?.I'm at London bridge. What's happening?. [MEDIA] .Yes. Get them embers hot. Xx.We love you. Marth, yes. All is well and chuggy. Joy! X.Cate says its bacony.So that's a week on Sunday, right?.Tegan, we could come back from rickmansworth for that, I expect most of the excitement will be over by then. Thoughts?.Aight looks like I'm in. Awesome. Shame mike didn't want to come, thought he would have loved it..Where?.Agreed. Screw the gable.I'm leaving now. Where shall I join y'all? X.Cool. We're going to kings cross. Starting at the backpackers bar which is cheap.. And no suits..location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5312058,-0.1204176. Tegs, sam, bongo, me. Backpackers bar..Yip but not sam or shagz.Apollo's cock!.Happyo birtho O.Yip. And the shesha place is near so we won't stray far. X. [MEDIA] . Crack den delights. [MEDIA] . Good morning from rickmansworth. X.Surely a holiday should warrant a double bill?.What went wrong America?.Floop the pig.What's happening tonight peeps? I haven't been to the George for a while. Anyone fancy that?.Yes fun. Let's fun. I'm leaving work now. FUUUUUUN!.I'm heading off there now. Whoop. X.I'm here. Looks like a band will be playing.Dunno. They got drums and a trumpet.Dub side of the mood?.The George. Whoop.Can't see you standing by, the band?. [MEDIA] . Oops. [MEDIA] .Dock Kitchen. Portobello Docks, 342-344 Ladbroke Grove, London, United Kingdom. https://plus.google.com/111306321416076715171/about?hl=en. We're next to this place. It'd be great to cruise with you tomorrow. We need a loud voice when we go through the Islington tunnel to ensure no one comes the other way! X.Hell yeah. Plenty of space. X.I'm here.anyone else?.That's. True. That. Is. [MEDIA] . Saw this on the canal the other day. Random photo sunday.That's low shagz.Agreed. I just sat out on the steps of the boat in the dark stunned. A duck saved me. Quack..I'm expecting oberyn's head to reassemble like the T-1000 before he leads all the women of kings landing into the sea..It seems more poetic that way. Pied piper style. Plus he can take them all to the afterlife and slut them there.. Slut. What a horrible word.Cheers Dan. He is more of a hussy..Glad you like it peeps. Xx.I hear it's meant to be pretty good.. [MEDIA] . Kings cross this morning.They're selling all those flowers on Saturday morning. Fancy some anyone?.Whoot. A top word of mine it turns out.Soooo, what's the plan?. And 'yip', apparently.That's a nasty cough Mike.Mike, Borough looks like a word you'd use for a cough. Is joke, see?.Better mike.We're at kings cross. It's a mini festival of flowers and fun. [MEDIA] .We're there until next weekend!.It's goooooood. xx.And yes, it is that fermented vegetable thing. X.Heh, if you want to use a bucket then feel free. We did ours in a roasting tray and now it's in a Tupperware box finishing off..Sounds good. I was thinking of getting people together this week too for a meal to celebrate that food is delicious.. The thought was going to a Georgian place on Caledonian road.. Is two meals in two weeks too much?. L.There are a couple. We went to one near Islington prison which was great. Always happy to eat more Ethiopian food! X.We need a projector. So that's C town, Martha or oliza....Yo, who's up for Georgian food tomorrow? I'll need to book. X.Aight, got a booking for 10 people for tomorrow.. The place is here.... Iberia Georgian Restaurant. 294-296 Caledonian Rd, London, Islington, United Kingdom. https://plus.google.com/111108769419011736203/about?hl=en. Table is booked for 8 o clock.. Sorry, that all happened quite fast. Is everyone cool with that? Xx.Should be fine. So it's:. Me. Tegs. Sam R. Mike. Lorna. Sam T. Phil. Martha. Shaggy?. Bongo?. Shagz, bong? You in?.Boat is a venue for sure. You can come see the new planter I made yesterday. X.Nooo, sad news. Gas is bad though. No chance of being done by 8? X.Wah. Mike, I'm just heading to the dry cleaners so let me know when you're aroubd.I'm there..Awesome! On both counts..Sam, you near? X.SAM!.I like how you give us so much notice of your plans! X.That Brazilian defender had too much pace.Tegan thinks it would have been better to watch Brazil just bulldoze some team.You had me at  EMOJI[1f60d] .Where we going? If I drink I think I'll die. Urgh.. Is it the moorgate park?.Is it by the station?.Is it Finsbury Square Gardens?.Yip. [MEDIA] .Hey you sexy creatures. I think we'll be moving the boat tomorrow from kings cross to trendy trendy east London. Of anyone wants to joins us for the cruise you are very welcome. Xx.Urrgh, just got up. I'll let y'all know what's happening with boat once the world makes sense again. Xx.Tegan has pacified me with strawberries so no flesh eating this morning. I accept your argument Adam, if you fancy some cruising come on over.. Henry, I'm not sure how far east we'll go. Perhaps only to angel but possibly to Hoxton.. How're you doing Sam? You were at least as drunk as me last night..Pretty wild night last night.  [MEDIA] .Today I think. Sorry, forgot to update. You up for it?.Tegs, Adam et moi.What shall we bring?.Yip.Where are you Tegs?.Wah.Who is up for Stonehenge this Friday? Plan is to get a train after work, party with the druids til sunrise, snooze under a tree by Salisbury cathedral then shimmy back on Saturday early afternoon.. If we go as a group the train is just under £30 return. Coach to the stones is £5-10. Hugging the stones... Priceless..@V - those times could work, though getting back for 11 would mean leaving Salisbury at around 9 which is certainly possible. Is there any chance you can start a little later?.Good point. I don't mind heading back early, I've snoozed in Salisbury plenty.. @ Angie: heading down sometime after 7 on Friday..I'm theres like 70s flares.Happy B day!.Sweet sweet fields..Yeah, good running runners! Very impressed. Xx.Burrito me up baby!.Yo Phil. There's a burrito here with your name on it. You coming bro?. [MEDIA] . A little piece of wisdom for y'all.Tegs and I bagsy those kigus!.What time are we all getting there?.I'm almost there. Is everyone deep in the queue? X.ZSL - Zoological Society of London. London, United Kingdom. https://plus.google.com/101496005883323535707/about?hl=en.We're in the jungle area with the anteater. location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5361786,-0.1535173.What's happening in c town? You guys all chillin? X.Sam, I can't make projector room work.I know, poor mexico.USA!.  [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .Brothers.  [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . Zorbo dared to dream.Just leaving work, grue! Where is everyone? X.We'll be around but we gonna head for food somewhere near. X.We're on the way to Bristol!.I could go for finish GoT season 1.. And seeing friends and all the junk.Tegs, GoT? Beers? Sofa time? X.Shucks. When will you be pit Tegs?. Out. Not pit. Out of the pit.I'm leaving now. See y'all soon. X.I was just looking out over the water by my office and saw a seal bobbing around.. Turns out its a hangover cure. Blessed seal!.He didn't look like he wanted yo be saved.. He looked free..Seal was too fast for me.. It's drab here. No sun.. I feel ya Mike.High five!. [MEDIA] . Mexico looks aight but this train is where you wanna be..Just went past the rooftop rave roof in leam on the train. It's pretty fenced off now. What a legacy! X.I'm on my way home for the weekend so the train went through leam. Got my nostalgia on now!.Where did those years go. I feel a powerful urge to go off on an adventure.. Perhaps I've had too much M&S 'French lager'.. Which seems like a cultural oxymoron.Heh, the whole queue in front of me at Marylebone was buying them! #boozetrain.Nice! Is your flight to Sardinia gonna be similarly classy?.Sold out a while ago. We're thinking of going to green man..Well, I'm with a happy crowd!.  [MEDIA] . Where? You ask..  [MEDIA] .Yeah, have a great time guys!. Oliza, you are welcome to stay over on the boat..Oooh.I'm a coming for ya baby!.So...to be sure before buying loads of tickets. The peeps who want to go to the play are:. Owen. Eliza. Sam. Kritz. Mike. Phil. Bongo. Angie. Jason. Tegs. Me. I also assume everyone wants the ticket with the drink (£11.25) but if you want the one without (£9.05) or with drink and burger (£22.25) then let me know. X.All of this must, of course, see royal assent and I do believe that the queen is partial to seeing all of parliament forward roll..Sup peeps, I can only get 8 tickets at a time. Any volunteer to get the other three?. http://www.skiddle.com/whats-on/London/Swan-Wharf/Shtfaced-Shakespeare-Edinburgh-Preview/12219800/.  [MEDIA] . This is the venue btw.I'm not hearing from the volunteers....Yeah, the lightning lit up the boat. It was awesome!.How is it? Gonna be late. Any chance I'll get in? X.I'm a comin'! Just on the bus. D. X.Where did y'all go?.That looks safe.... It looks like a benevolent, robotic millipede. Have the beach people left yet?.15 minute warning!. Beep beep!.Are you at the station sam?.Hi beach crew. When did sam set off? We're a little worried he's not turned up yet..It was hot and wet!. I think we left Tegan's book in the car and the elderflower bottle is missing, presumed binned by accident. X. Could book be rescued please? (And bottle too if it's around).Huzzah!.We're just heading to the park now. We'll probably be near the SE corner or the nearest water to that. X.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5404776,-0.0348887.@owen, I wouldn't. Yoi can get the overground to hackney wick from there or a bus..CRATE BREWERY & PIZZERIA. The White Building, Unit 7, Queen's Yard, London, United Kingdom. https://plus.google.com/109274841658317197872/about?hl=en. Towards this place and then we're on the part of the canal which joins the river lea.. Lea heads north, our canal heads east/west.Exactly that. Hope it eases off soon, we just got soaked in about a minute!.Door is unlocked. I should see you coming along. Good luck!.Ay up! Everyone's gonna make it - right? X.Hallo! If anyone still owes me some moolah for the Shakespeare tickets my account deets are: 110438 and 00871074. Cheers x.It's £22.50. I accept you proposal. X.Share these photos immediately.Congrats. Is it nice?.I'm not sure that sam is interested in the station anymore.We were there last Sunday. It's about 5 mins from where the bait is moored.Is nice!.I second Bunn's live of hackney wick. Is grand it is!. *love. I'm at the palm tree in mile end if anyone is near..Dach!.Some Lucy?.Yeah, perhaps. Tegs, rod?. Booyah!. What's it for? Sunny joy or an event?.I always love the parties under the flyover. I think I saw chaz and Dave there last year!.Where is everyone? I'm on angel..My hero!. Thanks for waiting for me. Big love.. [MEDIA] . One word...wild.Yeah, that's some scary shit.You started by sleeping at the top of the stairs. This is actually a picture of progress!.Huzzah!. We're off on our boat holiday but will be celebrating in our hearts..1. Oppressors hate independence. 2. Perhaps, I hear their potatoes are life changing. 3. Boat trip!. What's in a pisco sour?.Not sure I trust a drink with piss in the name. [MEDIA] . On the jolly national express. [MEDIA] .As a weekend heads up, there's a festival in hackney wick this weekend 'Hackney Wicked'. I hear from a reputable source that its carnage..Never!.Just to say now shagz, Tegs and I are on a boat trip holiday so we may not make it..Perhaps you need to see pictures of our idyllic trip....  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .Truly exotic.Happy birthday shagz monster. Graaaaaaaaah!.Whoop!.The summary is that salmond will say lots of optimistic things and darling will say lots of pessimistic things (despite his name).. It will be unclear who is right. End result will depend on whether you are optimistic or not.I'm looking for drinking partners in or around the south Kensington area. Anyone?.Doh. Luckily beer is a perfect companion.We're out of the proms. Who's still around and about? We're coming for ya!.Whoop! Where are you?.I should point out that we'll be needing a sofa to sleep on. Yay?.Explain. I don't know if we have dancing legs, what's your plan kritz?. Where are you shagz?.Both sound ace but we're too lazy to dance tonight. Sorry kritz xx.Or a large one.We're heading back to the house for some lunch.  [MEDIA] .Yo c town. Did I leave my book 'London under' at yours again on Sunday? It had a letter in it I need..As above. Need the letter in the book. X.Living room on the table?.My brother works with someone called Long Wang.I bet it's mike.Explain tom yum soup.Notting hill?.Untrue. If you find one of the small garden areas with a static stage it's reggaelicious..Hey c town. I was thinking of jiving over to yours tonight. Yay?.Whoopity!. Shall I bring...beer?.Hmm, the part of me that is optimistic about mankind is in tension with the part of me that wants beer..In that case damn that child fucking, wood lingering pope.Waa.Where in lb is everyone heading?.Won't that be really really busy?.Called the ship, by the ship or in the ship?.Pin.Morning all! Who's up for going to see a steel band competition in notting hill tonight? Starts at 6 at Emslie Horniman Pleasance nearest tube is Westbourne park..Awesome! I think cate and v are also game for it and bunn was the most excited of them all! That man loves the carnival.. Lorna, are you out on Monday?.V, was it the horniman gardens you meant yesterday? I swear I said horny man as a joke.. No tickets, just turn up and enjoy.Whoopity Jones!.Seems to the the Zeitgeist. Perhaps we should go some weekend soon and check out this walrus..Weather seems to have cleared up. I'm going to head over now I think..I don't know tbh. I hope more than an hour!.I'm almost there. Is anyone else about?.Let me scout it out and see what's happening..  [MEDIA] . Apparently the judging is at 10 so there should be tunes til then..Wowzah! That's gorgeous Marth. X. Is anyone planning to come out west? No worries if not just my battery is a bit low..It's the family day so I think I'll give it a miss. Should be out tomorrow though..Shiz.Aight, today sounds good. What's the plan? Are you there now?.I'm heading over to west London now. Where should I head to?. [MEDIA] .Yip! Found a stage with love music and a seemingly unending stream of sequin clad guest singers..Live music. Through reggae cruning would have been great to see!. Crooning even. Can't think today. Too many beers last night. Grue. [MEDIA] . A hitleresque flat bread.  [MEDIA] .http://www.israelnationalnews.com/wap/Item.aspx?type=0&item=171489.Well, this one got caught. As did the eagle. I think they need more training.. [MEDIA] . Spotted one!.Yarp!.Watch them all again. In spanish.I really want to go out and do something interesting tonight. Gallery, gig, dinner, cocktail I don't mind. Anyone up for it? Any ideas?.Doubt I can make it tomorrow. Work drinks. Whoop. Why you hurting?.Whoever recommended 'Dusty a rainbow from the dark' was spot on..It hit the spot.Lol. So close; so far.Tegan berates the horde and keeps us in order.Neat.We're eating Korean food off Tottenham court Rd atm. Then off to the portrait gallery I think. X.Who's that? I don't have your number?.Ah! It just did. Whoop.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5300609,-0.0738977. We're here. What's the plan?.We're at the junction of Columbia road and hackney rd near Hannah's place. [MEDIA] . I only just noticed this happy character living on my desk. Today is a good day he tells me.Snoozy Q for me.What's the plan peeps?. I'm at work drinks for a bit but out later.Ladies...control yourselves.Yo bunn. Come join. We're near hackney wick. Others welcome.C town...is Tegan's phone at your place?.Let me call it.Hmm, I'm sure it'll turn up.Tegs found her phone. You can stop looking...x.It's all cider but it has a beery brother over the road.Don't forget his hats...he hates that they're not all green.You always have to turn a serious conversation into something silly don't you....Well as long as you're serious! Shame you don't have yellow dye, could get a teenage mutant teenage turtle theme going.They don't make cartoon news anchors the way they used to. Sigh.I think I would be happy either way: excited for an independent Scotland, content to see an island united.. The underreporting point is true though the polls may not be very reliable. There was a chap from yougov on the radio the other day saying that polls are usually weighted to control for the way they are sampled however this process requires historical data.There isn't any such data for this referendum but the weighting process has been done anyway which can skew the results.What happens if it's yes? Do they have to return the money?.Maybe, bit I wonder how many people, when in the ballot box, will let the excitement take over and change to yes.Yay!.How did it go Joe?.I think 60% would be more of a nail.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TEGS!.Oh yeah. Conceedes.Hi c town, I left my red headphones round at yours when I was last round (last week?). They are red and have flat wires and were in the kitchen. Plz cab someone bring them to Martha's? X.Danke.Soooooo, we just woke up!. Apologies Adamina. Cheers for the party Marth. Bunn - your help would be greatly appreciated. Come round when ever. Same for all qctually. I'm going to stop writing now. Bye. X.Hazzargh.Whoopity Jones!.  [MEDIA] .I saw a documentary about her. Exactly!. It doesn't end well for her.Mars.In Arnie's dreams anyway.That looks pretty raw.I think that's sub-amateur to be honest.I think we're at the same point as you Joe. I woke up with the theme tune in my head this morning..Yeah mike, shona tova! Will you be dipping your apple in honey tonight? If you know what I mean....Is everyone still out?. I just finished a 4.5 hour interview and need a drink..Yarp.I was interviewing, which is a bit better.On my way x.Just arrived a Piccadilly circus. Is everyone moving onto the Mexican?.Which way round is the correlation? Should I wear skirts?.Doig! Not sure. What's the occasion?.Roffle sounds good.Wow. We should all bring hordes of stuff!. He's the official historian remember.Re-member.To place one's member back on.Good work mike. What will yoi bring?.Lol.Well done everyone.Happy birthday everyone!.It'll be even stranger of you make it to 29. if.Sweet, I could do with a wharf buddy. We'll walk around with red braces and hookers.So what's the plan for Shoreditch?.Bunnsterino? What's happnin?.I'm trying to determine if I should leave now or start a new piece of work..I hear that brother.Groovetastic.Cronkadonk.I'm en route. Should be in Shoreditch in 20.On my way. Shall I aim for Shoreditch town hall or high street?.Tegs?.Where exactly? I'm upstairs.Is everyone going to this gig?.You are so motivated I can taste it.Aight we're pretty busy eating so it all worked out! X.Pub could work.Well done mike.We're gonna get on a bus in a minute. Got half a pumpkin and a lot of attitude.Just got on the bus. Running on Spanish time.It was 'Mathematics and Philosophy', right?.I think it was a BSc though. You're right. I forgot on account of my head getting bumped too many times. By moths, I presume.I liked Brussels, good beer and silly architecture.. Zurich was quite strange but the lake was gorgeous and the river was unbelievably clean. I'm used to shopping trolleys in my rivers!.@addy : doig! Where's that?.How expensive?.Goig!. [MEDIA] .Ship shape.Away this weekend sadly. Have fun!.Can anyone recommend a good place to go for Spanish lessons, ideally twice a week?.Erm.....no?.I saw that it was cheap - is the teaching good?.I'll need to start from the very beginning. I like the idea of some lessons to get the conversational side and it's nice to have a teacher.. What did you do before going travelling?.5€?.Are they alive?.Gawd.Whoop!. Booze tonight to celebrate?.Sounds good to me.I may be a while too. X.Where are peeps at the George?.I love the sofa. .So you all know, Denham is outside of the oyster range so make sure you get tickets if that's your plan.Its 3 quid off peak to Uxbridge from zone 1, unless its changes since march.Youth is wasted on the young.Veto.Bedroom bar?.The heretic?.I feel confident I could ace that quiz.Yeah but any self respecting Simpsons quiz would write most of them off..What's happnin?.K.Dick ins