aww man I really wanna come see your boat! me and kate are with fam all day tho.dont get the reddit app youll never get anything done ever again!.haha.there is better stuff on reddit, try /r/showerthoughts and /r/Britishproblems. what tv are ppl watching atm? im stuck at home ill and need something to binge.Actually I never saw that I always assumed it was rubbish.sweet, full day of tv binging sorted.yea you defo need a new job sam, Id go crazy if I couldnt listen to headphones at work!.I dunno man good headphones are heavenly,  I used to go thru a pair every six months till I shelled out for good ones, theyve lasted 5 years.its a hard life bro.haha thats amazing, I didnt realise pig castration came under the remit of your job tegs.surely a normalised number of mentions is better, if you incorporate comment counts then prolific commenters would feature better...and yoid have to take into account time spent in the group too.I think thats an assumption that needs testing before you can claim objectivity :).plus tegs makes a good point how does it take into account sentiment?.I wonder what the stats would be for proportion of whatsapping done on fridays.would be quite interesting to do a sentiment analysis by day too, bet were all happier on fridays.im saving myself for having money to eat.so me and kate just watched GoT abd its rather good this week.haha. hahaha. dont worry :). just wanted to see the reaction.btw you guys should avoid imgur till you watch it its like spoiler central. [MEDIA] .Mike,  any chance you could whack me over the data you used? im running out of ways to procrastinate my Friday away.im surprised there was time in between all of bunns pictures.id love to but I gotsta get home and look after kate, shes fucked her arm up and shes not allowed to lift anything or leave the house so im domestic goddess for the time being!.will do! shes going a little insane being stuck in so well be out when its healed!. ha yea! according to the physio even just having the weigjt of her arm while standing up is enough to exacerbate it....she tried to do a single pullup....anyone going secret garden party this year?.you not coming back on the monday?.ahh fair play...get your ticket anyway! itll be sick! me and Kate got ours.omg I completely forgot it was game of thrones day! happy game of thrones day!.where in east you headed?.may.I fucking love calvin and hobbes. that shit is tight.yea we have no idea what happened to his face but were pretty sure he faceplanted some gravel.laaame I love my ecig.tbh mine gets really sodding hot im not surprised theyre combusting.id rather die explosively than cancerously tbh.depends just how explosive surely. I mean, if your digestive system straight up vaporises you it wouldnt be too bad.haha pooverisation love it. not to be confused with hooverisation, wherein the victim is slowly pulled inside a dyson. [MEDIA] .a bigu?.megalike.dunno if any of you guys remember (or knew) rob nettleton and jodie from uni but its their 30th bday on sat, theyre having a knees up at the dogstar in brixton. im gonna dj some 2am rinseout dnb if any of you guys wanna come!.awww.I did, I was wrong.me Kate adam lizzie Adele and stu are on our way!.eroticon six!!. thats gonna sound really weird to anyone that hasnt read that book.ha. just your phone I think. [MEDIA] .you guys gone in already? we kust got to brix.ive been absolutely destroyed today.ive been in a post wisdom teeth removal opiate daze. I think I must have watchrd about 200 episodes of friends.haha werent you gonna spend the week djing?.haha. no cuepoints would destroy me.a sad day.I think id prefer cdjs now the s4 platters are so lovely. [MEDIA] .yea man its sooo comfy. thanks sam, theyre great for looking thru and shit. [MEDIA] .haha. If there's one thing my company does well, its out of place brickwork.im in toooo.I, for one, welcome our powertripping ukrainian overlord etc etc.saw it this weekend. it it ludicrously good.I absolutely loved it. beautiful homage to some of my fav scifi