http://xaxor.com/images/Cats-in-shoes/Cats-in-shoes14.jpg.Don't gotta do anything..Cyber bullies..I'm on my way. I can get lamb from somewhere near yours. But it'll be like 35 mins.I have chops! Quick, someone make a marinade!.Prob not. Looks silly and not in a good way.Good one..Thanks! I'm happy with it..The last one was alright, but I'm a bit over superhero movies now. There's been way too many..Park and wine sounds good! Damn it though I'm busy, but might catch up with you guys later on..I've had a hangover today that could slay a bear. I'll let you know if I'm coming out but right now I'm enjoying some couch time..Yes to all of the above. And on the subject of tasty food on Caledonian road, there's an Ethiopian place round there that's supposed to be really good.I'm in, Sam's a maybe..Yay.. Also, does anyone know a good place for Sunday afternoon jazz?.Great shout. Ta.Sam's coming tonight too..I'm 30 mins away.S getting late, prob just meet y'all there x.Mad whatsapp skills. I'm close and I'll pop down soon.Finsbury square gardens?. EMOJI[1f61c] . Yes. Probably..So Mike, how's that not drinking thing working out for you?.On my way. With frolicks. And Sam..I'll be sporting my John snow's had a shave costume..We'll be there like Sonny and Cher.I'll meet y'all at the food place. Sometime between 7:30 and 8 xx.Ah I might not make it! Still at work, bad times. Also Sam is not coming, Ill or something..That hurts Tegan. Ouch.Tegan: I hope your curry is lukewarm..Too far Shaggy..Hey everyone, what's going on today?.Brazil Chile?.Those penalties were rubbish!  Any who, we're coming to yours if you're all around. And coming hungry. Need owt bringing?.Oi. Open the door.Deal. Mc D it is, but I want a big Mac AND a mc flurry. And one of those cardboard crowns they used to have  EMOJI[1f451]  EMOJI[1f354]  EMOJI[1f35f]  EMOJI[1f366] .A Mexican/Dutch bar? Pretty niche..I'm game, but not this weekend. Parents are here Fri-Sat..On my way too!.I can't come to the festival, but I heartily recommend it to anyone who can go.You guys sticking around for a while?.Ah I've just had a big curry. On a summer evening stroll,. I will let you know if I'm coming out later. I'm pretty full though, need to sleep off some lamb chops.The ass.Costa Rica have a player called Johnny a Costa. I think he made it up to sound Costa Rican.Sweet. And it's free entry, just checked..I'm here, is anyone else?. [MEDIA] . Reddit again..I've got Argentina in a sweep stake!.How was that hackney venue with the mega screen?. Though its great weather for a BBQ....Yeah, like 7-1 to Argentina! Ha, smack talk..I'm up for watching it in Canning Town..So are people going to c town then? I'll head there now if so..Hmm. Well the match is about to start, so guessing not?.I'm up for a drink now, I'll be 45 mins tops if people will be there.I'm coming, can't be sure when, prob won't make it for 6.But are they holy?.I'm at home now, prob gonna wait for Sam and set off in 20. Keep us updated on likelihood of getting in..I'm still in Buckinghamshire, and won't be back for the thing. Have fun everyone!.I'm game. Though on an errand round Columbia rd for the next 30mins.Yeah, I'm near hackney city farm, there's a park here too..I'm in haggerston park. Either someone's going to meet me or I'll proceed to drink co op premium lager on my own.K I'll come to you.. Right after I finish drinking.So what's the deal with this hackney wick festival? When's everyone going?.Love it. HAPPY BIRTHDAY  EMOJI[1f484]  EMOJI[1f459]  EMOJI[1f485] .Niiiice.Two mathematicians I know: dong Wang and jumbo wang. There should be a support group for people whose names mean penis.I want to go. Never been before!.Sounds fun, but I'm busy tonight. West Hampstead though, which doesn't sound too far away so might make the start..Monday yes!.Is anyone actually planning to go tomorrow? Given the biblical storms..I'm heading to the carnival today. Now in fact..I'm here now, at Queensway.Not sure how long I'll be carnivaling for. I have a wine headache..We're right there too. In a queue for curried goat. That where you are?. [MEDIA] .Cool on my way x. [MEDIA] . That's one happy aubergine slice.Tegan - what you up to?. [MEDIA] . That was unintentional..So is BBQ happening?.Hmm. If we come now and bring motivation, and beer. Then this might just happen?.But its just so far away ......  [MEDIA] .True. [MEDIA] . Better. Also, sorry I'm not coming over.K fine I'm coming. also reiterating Vanessa's comment..Yo horde, does anyone have any awesome restaurant suggestions around London bridge? In the 'parents are paying but don't want to look like I'm taking advantage' price bracket?.Thanks for the suggestions! heading for and if it's too busy got the other places on my radar.For Brindisa.I thought it was swearing.. It's like the ink blot test..Juan pint happy. Also, can't make it tonight. Have fun all!.I went to the wellcome thing. It's aight, quite small. Play the high tea opium trade computer game. I got too involved with the opium, didn't ship enough tea..I was going to head to the old blue last later on, for some jazzy live music. Its free, and round the corner (from me at least).How long you all pubbing for?. And can I get an orange Wednesday code off Simone? For like in 15 mins.. Simone or someone.Thanks! Snap decision to see pride at rich mix cinema now. I'll let know if I'm out later.Ha. Bingo..b4e613a34be819807007fefca2b0d043.jpg (236×177) - http://media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/b4/e6/13/b4e613a34be819807007fefca2b0d043.jpg.  [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .Yo Martha. Where do you live? I'll be round later.My favourite.  [MEDIA] .Never don't give up does mean something. Well, it doesn't not mean something..Soooo. Horde Birthday celebrations?.Yeah!. Or, pub Sunday roast?.When?.I leave my job tomorrow. So anything I do badly today is someone else's problem. Comforting. And in no way motivating..I'll come. But I've got a house viewing at 6.30 so probably won't make food. Chico banditos is aight though.I'm equidistant between box park and town hall. What's going on?.Box park it is!.What broke the weather? I come back from Portugal and everything's wet.And holiday was good for me too. So much wine. And port and cheese. Mmm.I don't even need to read the article. That pretty much sums it up..Waaaat?! You have a job?  EMOJI[1f62e] . Congrats!! And second the booze idea.Yay. Let's get mike drunk..Tasty set of work benefits too.  I don't even get a mug anymore, or a teaspoon..So Tegan where are you now? I'm ready for beer.I'll be there soon, near Westminster currently.Just because you handed in your notice..Doesn't really help your argument.Mexican day of the dead!.No can do Tegan. Meeting my uncles and cousins. Sorry all!