I'm gona meet sam in old st cause its closer, then follow the herd.Will be there bout 6.30.'Dalston junction nearish'.Anyone still alive?.Eesh.Fucked then it seems. Pretty pissed off with this..Dumb situation. No idea how to get home. Can't afford a taxi by myself.Cheers mang. Phone died about a minute after my last message tho. Long night..Everyone stop making my phone ring.Bananaphone?.Ugh his frickin American alarm this morning  EMOJI[1f623] .Did Bong make it in?. [MEDIA] . 8.20 pm.Cate made that one, she says fuck yall. [MEDIA] . Its a ghost shark, obviously. -cate.Bunn you are pretty lucky you weren't around when the penny dropped. There was murder in the air....Dunno if y'all are being sarcastic but its absolutely pissing it down here.Nah I'll just camp out by my desk that's cool. She dips beneath the laserrrrs oooOoooo.Texas is full of guns and fat people..Edward Snowden? More like Edward BROwden #ohsnap.What's the library about?.Booking today off was the smartest things I have ever done.Omg Cates roommate just bought a pet python.It's funny how someone who hates snakes so much can have so many snake encounters.Did you thee Thor yet?. Also wtf bunn.You guys stayin out?.Hmm dunno with my bro ATM could come meet but depends how long yall out for also broke phone screen punctuation impossible.Yeah will just stick around here if its only for one drink.ITE lemme know if it turns out ur stayin out cause Niall might be leaving tomo.Where's that?. Don't say the side of the river.Cool comin down in a minute.Bring beer.Twerking.Yes I well wana see it, Shaggy won't shut up about how good he found the trailer.How about next week? Orange weds?.Regression sessions?.Yep.One cannot simply take the jubilee line into Mordor.Unless you're losing a cycling race.This is vegetarian right?.Its Cates birthday on the 16th next month and she wants to know when a good time to celebrate is - either the 14th or the 21st?.I've got a printed one I'm probly not gona be able to sell.Yeah I'm selling - 8 quid i think?. [MEDIA] .Wurr u guys?. [MEDIA] . Doy....I cant feel my face. Good night.Yeah pretty sure I took my coat to the club and it got nabbed. Worth a shot tho.Haha. The lash supper.What was he like?.Man seen enough star wars hating to last a lifetime this week. Most famous person I ever met was Asher D from so solid crew. Now you're jealous.More like bland flakes.I am all over the puns today.Bran flakes need a crazy amount of sugar to make them edible.People like the sugar not the bran.The men who stare at ... oats?.Both I guess.£7 a box wtf.I like how these threads immediately degenerate into house bants.Whats invisible teeg syndrome?. Oh man I just looked up invisible twin syndrome. Creepy.I'm bored on a bus. Someone entertain me.Shoot.Daves on the same bus as me. He's sitting at the back though because he thinks he's better than us.Yeah I'm a goddamn alkali metal. We're going to rise against you dave.Before I forget - is my birthday next Friday. Gona go for drinks and food after work, come.....and that's why I hate owen.Oh hi owen.A few of us are thinking of seeing the new hunger games film this evening, anyone up for it?.Can we tempt you to come up to Canada water ways?.Still didn't see it! I blame Sam..Bin juice. You mean hunger games Marty?. Dammit. My auto correct is set to back to the future. [MEDIA] .Ah noo, totally didn't register that this was the same night marth!. So I booked a table at a place in aldgate for 8.30. For like 12 ppl, anyone who wants to come, do it. Anyone know a good pub round there for pre/post drinks?.Yeah sure marth, just FYI, I've overheard two different ppl talking about it at work today - I would say get there asap!.I hate organising stuff! Go to road trip in old st I will meet you there.Not yet are you?.Almost out of battery as well. Gone to a pub called the old fountain in old st to meet ppl. Lahore's at 830. See yall.Nah like 2 mins away tho.Thanks everyone, twas a lovely evening, and today I feel suitably horrendous x.Dayum.Yeah Sam! When?.Still with my bro, can probly get there for like 7?.So we gona go to bodeans in 2 hours? You're toying with my emotions here.OK take two... Anyone wana see the new hunger games film later?.Who's the piano guy?.What do you think Sam, you wana get food first?.How late? 7 or 8? Food?.Cat and canary is rammed, might have to go somewhere else for food.That byob thai place we went to with tom stanton is near kings cross. Is good.I'm I'm kings x now so lemme kno when you get here.Yeah sure you did.Should have stuck with wine.Anything going on this eve or is everyone in recovery?.Coach actually doesn't take much longer than train, and ends up right by her house. Megabus is hella cheap but national express is nicer.For both buses latest still available is 12.30 £18. For train you can leave whenever but its £30 . both those are one way..1 johnny ball lane. Bout 15-20 mins walk.Oh jus in case you guys don't know, me and cate broke up a few weeks ago and I'm not gona be there. I'm just helping cause I'm bored.I just remembered, I think cate is still on this thread....You clean up at dick lover?. Yeah I should hope you get paid for that.Gotta be mean to keep them keen.Wat. Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?.Please tell me shaggy slept. Giving shaggy alcohol when he hasn't slept is like feeding a mogwai after midnight.Hannah you know you want to come to canning town and pacify your boyfriend. [MEDIA] .Think I'll see how I feel after work, it is so very long..Haha always nice to know you've been missed.L'hobbit this eve then?.2D?. Or not 2D?.That is the question...Yeh I'm down with old st to start. Let's go crash Martha place while she's away.Yeah that sounds sweet.Ah seriously am I gona be the only one in work clothes. Someone grab me a t shirt at home plz.Actually don't worry.Screw you murphy.Oh dear god. This is like that Simpsons where Bart is licking envelopes and the clock starts going backwards. [MEDIA] .Not til like 7 mfraid.Less fuß, more booze.Road trip obv.Any word from the wills?.Wow.. Betrayal..Judas Murphy over her.. *here.Bunn its like 10. Chill man.Also - Owen wtf...?.Well that's the first I've hears of it.Hey. Your mum specifically said that wasn't gona be my nickname.Owen's mum said she was satiated. Bish bash bosh.Clearly my work is done..I have a feeling I was fucked last night. Bish bash bosh?.I don't remember anything after that second pub. Was it a good gig?.Cool. I'm sorry too owen. Its not cool to shag your friends mums.Who's using Sam's spotify and stopping us from listening to Christmas carols?. You're ruining christmas.Robs here so you might have to sleep a bit cosy tonight, but otherwise yay. I just thought of another Xmas movie - Trading places.Wtf surreal I was just in a news agents and a fox came right inside and stared at me.What time?.Working tuesday , sounds dangerous.Come to see die hard, we'll get together, have a few laughs.... Yeah go on then.What's the plans this eve then?.Spoons?.Think I've been there, might be really rammed tho. http://m.jdwetherspoon.co.uk/pubs/the-moon-under-water-west-end. Dave had one this morning didn't he?.I'm in leicester square now.Merry Xmas everyone. Let's stop all the violence yeah? Big love x.Daww.Try hard.Seamless stuff phil.Lol. Thanks grandma.I preferred house xmas.Ho Ho Howen.... Also shut up owen.Now show them kill list.Are you kidding me?. I've seen that film 4 times. Its like it was made for me.Tvtropes.org. Well addictive way to kill time.Woah.  [MEDIA] . We need to bring back fox hunting I tells ya. They think they run the place.All we have is digestives, he's gona think I'm not cool.Aw he woke up.. I told you he wouldn't want digestives.  [MEDIA] .Yo guys I'm finally getting round to getting my phone fixed, my number for the next week or so is 07849817488.. Won't be able to check whatsapp, so lemme know if any big tings a gwan. Happy new years to y'all I don't see! x.Back on Whatsapp!. 540 new messages from the Horde.Wow I'm glad I made it back for this riveting convo.I have finally caught up on this thread, here are my thoughts:. Metacritic is way way better than rotten tomatoes and american hustle is supposed to be amazing. I think boringjanuary is getting to you guys. What the hell was that ass thing all about?.It's clearly grilled.I'm still on for movie.Ah I thought you were talking cinema, were you not?.Yeah come ours then. Does anyone wana see that 12 years a slave film when it comes out? Looks awesome.Seen it. Don't mind watching again though.When did you see it?.Also American Hustle by David O Russell is a rhyme. You can't argue with that. [MEDIA] . Graph of how argumentative shaggy is vs the amount of alcohol he's drunk recently.Just looked it up - one of the collective nouns for cats is 'pounce'.Kenya believe it. Well there goes pun-free january.That's awesome. How hot is it there?. Cold as balls in London.2.5 hour meeting. Still going strong. Urge to kill rising..Haha. Gona blink out of this shit.53 new messages. Wtf guys.I refuse to read the rest of this conversation. Wouldn't teeth for pubes look like awesome ivory underwear. Id go that.Really wana see it, busy tonight tho.Goin japanese place in Camden with some old school friends.Yiss. To food I mean.Er dragon, dog....*doy....No! I called dragon.Body plz.I think we all know cate wants to be snake.Any joy?.Not feeling wolf o wall st, but still up for slaves, even though I know you guys are going to pussy out. Will there still be a burger group?.I partly agree with Owen. I think his crocodile was way off though.Did it finish yet?.Yeyah. Showing at 6.20 or 7.40.Works for mr. *me.You gona eat beforehand?. Got a feeling this isn't going to be a popcorn movie.Get me a sandwich plz. You got orange weds?.I'm really sad now.Slaves.. That film was amazing, but so damn tough.Haha. It also makes it easier if you watch it as the prequel to Django Unchained.Feelin pretty ill still, so no to dancing. Is she coming to Ctown this weekend? Might come say hi if not. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .I hate getting muddy. Which might be a problem.Anyone wana see coen bros film this week?.Can do tues or weds.I watched that episode randomly with no context. Was so confused.I'm up for it, will try and get my dad's.I got a code now. What time you wana go? Times look a bit annoying - 1815 or 2045 in all the cineworlds near ours. Its only 105 minutes long tho.I need to know soon, cause I gotta book a shuttle to the station.Food in C wharf? Will be around for about 7.30.Did you ever get one last week? Maybe they don't like you anymore.I'm here now at station.The mean streets of Rugby.Who's pubbing this eve?.Yeah, I'll be there about 630.You about yet teegs? In lieu of imagination, I'm heading to road trip.I'm still trying to figure out what the crazy stuff is.Still on shore ditch, might head homewards soon tho.Goodbye dry January!.Do you want to check the time AND get back problems?.Um duh.What's the craic D&T?. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . Aim high.Congrats on not dying yet Sam.I lost money on it. EMOJI[1f432]  EMOJI[1f449]  EMOJI[1f44c]  EMOJI[1f51c]  EMOJI[1f4a5]  EMOJI[1f633]  EMOJI[1f64d] .I'll come along for like 7.30?.Wah.. [MEDIA] .What's a bloody murder?.That's clearly a delta.Seen it.Heading home soon, will be back about 7ish?.I'll allow it. We have HIV cowboy film.Nymphomaniac?. Hear you see shia le buif shagging for real. Shabby la bleef whatever his name is.Bunncertainty principle.Lego = very yes.Yeah mang. Theres a bike crime division just for cambridge.Might come to music.Instead of that other thing I said. So broke tho. [MEDIA] .Happy valentines to all the other singles! x.  [MEDIA] .Life made more sense when we were all wearing somberos.Haha.Since when are violets blue anyway?.Roses are grey. Violets are grey. I am a dog. Where's my sombrero?.For the record that picture I posted yesterday was Lora. Its fine to molest adults.Petia and Ivan sound like a couple to be reckoned with.Lol. Eastern European bants.Can't say I've ever had Bulgarian wine.That reminds me, there's a new film from the sharknado studio coming out called zombeavers. It looks so bad. I wana see it.Haha found another one on reddit.  [MEDIA] . Literally everyone I've spoken today has asked me if I had a long night. This is a struggle!.You need to save to phone then send. Look at this funny picture I found.  [MEDIA] .Nice!.Wat.Sonly like 20 mins from Canada water.Oh if the overgroundd s out you're all screwed dry!. *sry.I'm forging my own half term.Man, who chopped/ate pineapple in our kitchen last night, cause you suck at it.Its fucking everywhere!.Did you use the floor as the chopping board?.Always trying to circumcise his friends. No means no Dave.Ah crap just when I thought I was done with facebook. I vote we switch to line.I'll get some wine.Lots of hurly burly in Ctown this eve....Well up for that. Drink every time they make a beaver double entendre.Pint in old st maybe?.Where are you? Can't see anyone.We found V and kriz.Better eun.Nah.I don't.The land of tea and they go starbucks.Anyone wana Lego movie this week?. [MEDIA] .Lego lego lego lego lego. Anyone else wana see lego this eve?.Already arranged with someone else soz. Also fuck those guys.There's vue, but its 3d at 8. Not sure you can do orange weds with 3d.Think 6.40 at west India quay is the best we can do.Yup. It is a kids film tho, can't find later except the expensive vue one.On the other hand probably wana eat. I looked and orange weds is cheaper for 3d but not half price. Think it will be like £6 each.Cinema thoughts? I gotta book a shuttle bus in next half hour.Told Joe to go to west India quay for 6.30. I got an orange weds, not sure about getting another one tho. yeah nice pics guys *unclenches teeth*.Me and Joe are upstairs in the bar. Also your message was confusing as hell Sam.Lego movie is ace.At the end everyone dies.They're making a hungry hungry hippos movie. I'm not even joking.It will probably be a heartbreaking tale of animal starvation. What were those hippos even eating, breathmints?.Reading all about the baby product market today.. Every other paragraph has the phrase 'baby penetration' in it.Good point. Let's play bum or elbow until they ignore us again.  [MEDIA] .Is it regression sessions on the 14th?.You guys slept yet?.Borse = bavarian horse?.Anyone wana see the new Wes Anderson film? Was thinking tomo since Phil's back Weds?.6.20 might be tough, can we do the later one?.Psyched.I can be C wharf for 7.30.Can you get food there?. My god I'm hungry.Take the train instead #lol.Did you literally miss a boat? I was trying to make a shit joke.Welcome back to civilisation Phil!. Well said Tegan.That reminds me : google 'hatebeak'.bongo : mixing idioms like water off a camels back.That badly huh?.Bats need lovin too.Bye wagg I hardly knew ye.I'm gonna give this hangover a 9/10.@bongo: the only thing keeping me awake is the pain.Omg hax. Well that day sucked. Anyone wana go pub pre-meal?.Angel at 8. Need to know asap, o/w I'm gonna stay at work another hour.Cause no point going ctown and back out again. Rather get my reddit on for a bit.Ite, gona be bout an hour tho.I'm heading moorgate cause there's a direct train.I made an awesome graph today. The house numbers of properties sold in the last year. Spot the odd one out....  [MEDIA] .Benfords law is where loads more statistics start with a 1 because they're exponentially distributed, eg longest rivers, CEO salaries etc.I'm a nerd and I don't even know what this is anymore.Ah I love pacman.Bikes means right.The error looks like it was missing the commas.Do any of your columns have commas in them?.To be safe you should put quotes around strings when you save them to csv. [MEDIA] .Anyone wana go borough? Dave? I can but I've got like an hour to kill.K nm then, see you at home.Ticket tout for red fang.Yeah I thought Bunn was suggesting a French restaurant at first.Working for a travel agency, designing holidays I think. Its like her dream job!.That's why the US used to dump flocks of swans all over 'nam. Agent White they called it. Unforgivable..Is it sold out?.Looks like there are some on seetickets? I'd be surprised if it sold out tbh!.I globbed up, forgot I got printed tickets so I have to go home first. I'll probly be in Camden for 7....Lol, bad horde chat. If you analytically continue the Riemann zeta function and evaluate at -1 that's what you get. Kinda cheating though. As written the series is clearly divergent..This is quite complicated... Zeta(x) is well defined for real x>1. For x<= 1 the series is not convergent. There's a thing called analytic continuation where roughly you find a function which agrees with your function where it is defined and is analytic (read infinitely differentiable) on a compact subset of the complex numbers.. But the analytic continuation is not the same as the original function. So it doesn't make sense to use the series definition of zeta for x<1 and say zeta(-1) = 1+2+3+.....We should start a nerd horde group or something....Your mum is a divergent series Bunn #mathbants.Alright alright. I just made a new group for nerdy stuff/ tech support etc. Added some of you, but feel free to leave if you think that was a mistake. If anyone else wants in let me know.I like the second guy better, more imagination.Don't forget mothers day yall!.Dark overlord. Of technology.He gone.Yeah I'm heading there, will be bout an hour tho.Yeah let's go somewhere outside.We're leaving now. [MEDIA] . Nice hat Shag.Yeyah.Bye hat.  [MEDIA] .We at bongos now.I just made it look like we stole your hat and left it at the park because it pleased me.Lol miss you too teegs. You in Mali now?.Meatlicquor. I think its vegan.Worth going in for 8? In C town, can't leave til Lorna shows up.I'm on new bond street, where am I going?.Odysseus would be proud. Excellent burgering y'all.Man what does a £23 corkscrew look like?. Couldn't you buy a robot butler for that kind of money?.Thanks for the link Marth. My gut definitely says it would be dumb to leave the EU, but all the arguments I see either for or against it seem very vague and notional.... Also I reckon the yougov poll was probly skewed by the fact that people hate clegg.I don't know that immigration is good for other countries though. Seems like a lot of poorer countries lose a lot of bright people that way.Beers beers beers. Just saw your email, Alan, where are you guys off to?.In Cambridge soz. You going to yes sir boss on Thurs?.Sweet.Public bike pump. Looks like a trap to me.Sam is that Maddox's video?.Lol. I think Sam got whatsraped.Yeah that's Maddox's current favourite conversation starter.Where does the Raid 2 come into all of this?.£29 for a Sunday gig? Wha?. [MEDIA] .Oh you have a favourite character? Not anymore...He gets through more characters than a twitter feed.Lol have you seen the massive billboards around that say 'all men must die'? Not exactly spoilers, I haven't read the books. [MEDIA] .Great night everyone! My only worry is that there are only 9 episodes left.Second season is the best.She should call it baby got Bach.Did anyone get tickets for Craig Charles?.I'm having a couple with work peeps. Would be tempted to go see the raid 2 though....The ship near borough. Someone let cate know plz.Sam are you raiding?.Where?.I mean cinema, can't pub tonight, I'll die.Yeah I know. Its my bro's bday tomo tho, gotta be on it.We saw the raid 2 tonight. There was a round of applause after one of the fights.Haha.Yeah what the hell bong. [MEDIA] . Because fuck you that's why.I for one am outraged that you could even look at a river while not wearing that hat.Is it just me or does daves finger look freaky long in that picture?.Good hustle on the boating.Did he pull at the church?. Impressed.Yeeeeeeeaaaaaaa.My boss just accidentally referred to this weekend as a 'double ender' in a meeting, and no one else laughed. I don't want to work for this company anymore.Drifting into Gollum me'hearty.I'm in for food!.Yeah that would be awesome.Lol did you guys get off the ground?.Waaat. Is that a joke?.Clogged toilet I bet.Yeah I've had a different transport mishap. Stuck in somewhere called whittlesford atm. Train broke down.Your one is funnier. Not that I'm bitter..Lol.I'm sure you were all calm and collected throughout.I don't get it.Logistical nightmare.You guys must have been pretty close to half way right? That's well unlucky.Yeah Germany has good engineers. No offence bunn.Lol.No keep chatting here. This is making my train journey loads more entertaining.I can't see the picture but I see what you're going for.3 hours? My heart bleeds for you all. #notbitter.Yeah that would suck if it happened to someone right?.Shit lol. I swear I saw your passport on the table yesterday, why did you take it to work?.Shaggy has lost his wallet twice and both times someone handed it in. I swear he must have been Mother Theresa in another life or something the amount of good karma he has.Yeah I said I'd go to that.I think we're postponing til tomo so the Phil can join us.Yo Budapest crew, if you didn't know there's a tube strike starting at 9.30 tonight.So wait are we doing it today then?.We ran out of coal nooo.Ugh I was so happy doing nothing today. You guys are the worst.I'm only getting coal not food. I can't be trusted with that kind of responsibility.Maybe she's just tiny.Yup.I we going straight there? I'm gona leave c town in a minute.P.s its the OLD queens head. Oh Hannah wrote that.BBQ!!.Only 90% pfft. [MEDIA] .Shrimp!.GODZIIIRRRAAAA. Well up for that.Asap, there's still some pretty good seats left for the 8.45 showing but not that many. Buy as a group?.I would love to go to imax, never went before, but Ill do whatever.I'm in obv.What can I say, I like to keep my cards close to my chest.By Poseidon's trident!.By Dionysus' hangover.Nah we haven't eaten yet.Quote from the review of the Postman Pat movie I just read:. The murderous bionic cat shooting lasers out of its eyes proved a turning point.They're good at operating on cataracts. I feel dirty about that last post.85% on rotten tomatoes.I must be the only one who liked that film. It had bloody Godzilla in it. People are too fussy..Phil'll be in, he doesn't check WhatsApp much tho.If you do decide to climb the fence, be careful of the barbed wire.Man those burgers last night.  [MEDIA] .Happy Bday O, lookin forward to Sunday.  [MEDIA] .location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.4932908,-0.0472016.Went to doctors so am in C town. The underground is grim today, any chance we can go somewhere closer?.Guess that's a no then.Roebuck near L Bridge? Might come join there.Cool beans Shag, me and Phil are en route in a mo. You there yet?.Shaggy we just got to Borough.Ossum.Man alive its muggy today.Lol. Pub?.Yeah we're still here Mat.Yo Mat, what are you up t?.Gessiga.Yo what bar are you guys at?.Did you guys eat yet? Gona be there in about an hour.Markets?.We're outside.I'm so sorry Marth. That may even have surpassed last week's meat monday.  [MEDIA] . If these trends continue....I've got high hopes for next week though.Ah, I just remembered the egg thing, man that was funny. Bongo spent a good 20 minutes fantasising about frying an egg on top of one of the pork chops, then when he finally tried it, the egg made a beeline off the chop straight into the barbeque. Maybe you had to be there.Thanks Obama.It's because there's another group with everyone except you that we all post on. Its called the ancient mystic society of no Owens.I said no Owen'S'. We're allowed one. I reckon you could probably communicate entirely in Simpsons references. Could and should.Heh heh heh. Oh Sam, you wife beating drunk.Hm might come for one. Cycling tho, so no getting drunky.Is that good?.Inconclusive..I dunno Teegs, I heard a ska cover of Pink Floyd the other say and it really upset me.It was nothing short of a war crime. Where are you guys?.Can't see you standing by the band. Missed a comma.Yes.+1.Where is it?.Tomo is Cat+Alan. Now you're throwing Sarah in the mix?.He has cool comedy friends. He's too good for us now.Oh by the way its my birthday on Sunday.It must be the end of the day somewhere. Sure is my birthday Owen. I've booked us all tickets to see a full performance of Wagners ring at the royal opera house. It starts at 6pm, ends at 9am next day. [MEDIA] .Ah man just one? That's hard.Um ok atm I like : kermode & mayo, planet money, freakonomics, radiolab, the bugle, a few others, it's hard cause some of them take a lot of getting used to. I've never managed to turn anyone on to podcasts yet.99% invisible is pretty amazing sometimes.We're on the way. Will take a while tho.3h? Recommend you turn your phone off til then!.Herding Shaggy back to C town is one of the most annoying things I've ever done. Were in McDonalds now. He just ordered 3 breakfast meals. [MEDIA] . Goodnight sweet prince. [MEDIA] .Who joined the group? Don't think I'm gona make it D&T, sry. Tomo I sleep..BBQ is a go. Think we're gona watch a movie instead of GoT.. [MEDIA] .You're racist. I bet there will be lots of black ppl on the boat tripm.Yo I'm the hiphopopotamous my lyrics are bottomless.Lol yeah lora I totally deserved it.We need a small amount of coal if someone can help with that.No coal is much more important.Yea no need for coal. Bread, cheese, radiant smiles if you must.ETA?.It was a sweet weekend, made this commute that little bit more bitter.The toilets at my work are like a Faraday cage, so I can't look at reddit at work without my boss seeing :(.Man your old place sounds dumb. Sometimes I just put my headphones in with no sound on, it's better than ambient noise!.Noise cancelling headphones aren't that expensive these days, like £40 for a cheap pair?.I think expensive headphones are a waste of money, there I said it.Yeah longevity is a good point. I leave mine at work though, use inner ear on commute, so doesn't matter so much..I think audiophiles are kidding themselves though. Its like high end wine tasting..He didn't give me any. Bastard.In a meeting lol. A really long boring one.If you like John Cage you should listen to the album of trees falling in the forest while no ones around to record them.No pancakes?.Holy moly there are 24 people on this group now. I would have guessed like 8?.There were about 8 when I joined it was just C town Hannah and cate I think.Can one of the original peeps do me a favour? Go to main menu, click on three dots, settings, chat settings, email conversation and email the whole horde chat as a text file to me?. Mine only goes back to when I broke my phone, wana do some stats on it!.Yeah it is kind of my job lol. Lol I meant stats not alcoholism.All good ideas. Should have some free time to look at this later. The text data is v. messy though. P.s. fuck all of you who used double quotes and non ASCII characters. (I'm looking at you Hannah).I'm saving myself for marriage.Didn't Ange have a ticket she needed shifting?.Cool beans will be at L street for 7.Guess who has posted the most on here.Yeah I was about to say!.Its not Owen.Quite a lot of contiguous posts I had to combine cause of the way WhatsApp saves them.Yeah pictures count.You guys called it, it goes Bunn 1011, Sam 878, Shaggy 808. Though Bunn posts a lot less these days than he used to.Yeah but it took me so long to clean the text files so I only had like half an hour to actually look at it. Ill make a PDF next week.Makes me lol everytime.Wat.Yo can whoever add Lorna to the Horde/gigs group. ?. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .Lol.Anyone wana see x men this wee. k?.Yeah Tues or Weds.Or bargain Tuesday at cineworld.Too hungover to argue.Noob. You gotta save it to ur phone then click the paperclip in the corner to send images.Game of freaking THROOOONES. Finally.Seriously how much time has taken place in Kings Landing this season? Like 3 days?.Lol. Though having his hand off did wonders for Jaime. Wana try it Owen?.We gona wait for Shags drum lesson, so won't put GoT on til like 10ish. Come for 8 for food tho!.Shutupshutupshutupshutup.Man think we're going for a record turnout today, can't see us topping this one!.Lorna, the hero C town deserves.You shouldn't shag hounds Owen.  [MEDIA] .Yo biatches putting GOT on in 5. I gotta sleep.This episode has lead me to drink.This is the first episode that's made me reconsider whether I should keep watching. I think I'm at a net loss having watched.I imagine this is what it feels like to support a shit football team. Like Arsenal.Still sulking this morning. Stupid show.Feel like a beaten housewife who keeps going back. That bug crushing scene was totally about GRRM. WHAT DOES HE GET OUT OF IT?. [MEDIA] .Yeah I read that in the book he cuts a woman in half. Duno why they left that out.X men this eve?.So's your face.I thought you liked the last one Lorna?.Lol shhh. Not making it public til Friday, can't rush these things!.Soooo... who's on for film? Oliza, you still down?.Fair dos. If anyone wants to go lemme know before 4.30.:(. Its still too soon.Fuck yeah.Yo guys, I sent you all a link to the horde analysis I've been working on. If anyone didn't get an email who wants one, let me know.What's ur mail Hannah? Sent one to Murphy.hc@gmail?.Did a bit, kind of replaced reddit this week.Fixed your bike?.Which park? Which wine?.But Henry, then you'll be able to see how much shit we used to talk about you before you joined. A park near to old St works for me.Works for me, which one?.Cool, I'll be in town about 6.20.Borough!.?. [MEDIA] .Trains come and go.Yeah, sheltering from the storms. Maybe Sunday plans?.There's a flood warning. Somewhere.Must be storms somewhere. Indonesia perhaps?.Yeah I think C town crew are all down for boat times. Is the boat still in Camden?.The other day one of the bushes grabbed the machete off me while I was trying to cut it. I ran away..My death predictions for tonight's episode : Tyrion, Jaime, Arya, Brienne, Bronn and every other character I don't hate.Everyone except Tywin and Cersei probably.Funny guy.ENGEEERLAAAND.Yes plz.Guess Sam's not coming then.Lol.Gona be in town from 6.30ish? Go to the boat first?.I'm heading boatwards soonish, sry Sam, not drinking tonight!.Yeah I'm near boat now.SAM SAM SAM SAM SAM.Yo Sam, we're still waiting to order here!.We didn't wait. At all lol.AHAHAHAHAHA.What are other people doing before 8? Find a park near moorgate?.I left my bike at home because I'm a genius.Anyone got any park ideas?. Are you allowed in that round one right by moorgate?.I'm on my way now I am. About 40 mins?.Yeah I'm just in M&S.Yo We're going to the square one near moorgate , not the round one. Sam lied to us.I'll rent a Boris bike as long as its on your card.Nah bring your bike man, I'll show you some sweet stunts.Lol @ Spain.Yeah what are you park nerds playing at?.Be still my beating head. Don't know about you guys but I still feel heinously hangover.My eye hasnt twitched once today! I think the drink was the cure not the problem.I got my Mike the guy with the Hawaiian hat costume lined up.If Brazil came second in their group that would be a lot better for us....COME ON MEXICO.Goalie is clearly second coming of Christ.What time Shag?.What's the alcohol plan?.Happy Bday!. On this day many years from now you may look like this.  [MEDIA] . Or not. But probably.Nah, English people only tonight.If they can fit 1 more they can fit 2 more right? Thats symmetry.Had to read that 5 times before I understood it.Lahore 2. : the Return of Jafaar.She spat just after she said it too.How much?.That's what 97 out 100 swag rating looks like. I lost my card so I'm making it rain thus weekend.I'll be up for it if its a day thing. Cate will be too I would imagine.No, think I need money from Shag, Bong?, V, Phil, Cate.£13.70 each pls.Yeah Teegs, got a spare!. [MEDIA] . Still not sure what was supposed to happen.Wish I'd got the their first try, this was like attempt 5.Yeah that's an Inuit death threat right there.Nah I kid - they don't have penguins up north, its probably one of those killer whale death threats..Gona try and get there for second half.You guys have harsh core work hours if this is bailing early.Lol. Or youre easily exploited.Can't see you guys.In el Camino right in the back.In.We're on our way to Fins p, but it just started raining, let us know if you move....Mirnington Crescent!.Is anyone with Shaggy? Tell him he needs to ring Cate!.Porch sitting, laughing as the world gets wet.Chiiiilleeee!.Boooo.Woooooop!.Yus.Yus. CHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILECHILE. [MEDIA] .Chile I salute you. Non-sweepstake-brazil-supporters you suck.by a thread!.We did penalty shots. Wouldn't recommend it.Like Magellan.Ah shit. Those guys were playing league of legends. And I was asleep.wat.I'll be there in 20.Vive la Belgique!.  [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .Running out of stereotypes fast here. [MEDIA] .BEL-GI-UM FUCK YEAH!.Sweet. Sweet like waffles.I love the smell of waffles in the morning. Smells like... victory.... OK I'm done.Dang, away this weekend.Need a new book. Any suggestions? I'm pretty open minded.. Not Austen though. Or Game of Thrones.Cheers for book tips y'all!.Train is so slow. One stop away.. Sry that was aimed at Dave and teg.Come on you reds!.Man Columbia are really shit at offside.Everyone realistic who I want to win has gone out now. Wah..I said realistic. [MEDIA] .That was awesome!.There were two that were so far out in front it was silly. Then an insane stampede about a minute later. There were lots of jeeps going past blaring out French commentary. The weirdest thing was how color coordinated it all looked, it was like the Warriors or something.Yeah its nuts. I think 90% of the riders went past me in one 2 second interval.I'm ome.So funny it hertz.I'm down.I'm in Euston now, heading over to Old St.I'll be there in a mo.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5272551,-0.0783108.Lol. I think I might go home at half time.. Yeah, I'm gona go home at half time..Wtf is happening.Nope check again.Score predictions?. 7-1 I reckon.Germany just sliced off Brazil's back foot, then used it to score a goal against them.That was horrible. To the box park!.BYOB is pricey? Fucking Shoreditch. [MEDIA] . Courtesy of the reddit thread about this match (it's hilarious).7-1 called it! It was obvious... Science!.I got to 7-1 estimate through hard data, hard science. Also hard liquor. Just like at work.. Nah didn't bet, the winnings would have been like ashes in my wallet.When?.Omw.25 ft screen?. For the final maybs?.15 ft.. Maybe.Did anyone put a bet on 'this game will suck'? Would pay pay out pretty well I reckon..Hate to say it, but I hope Germany win after that drudge.It isn't pissing it down where you are?.Yeah sry Teegs, too tired. Everyone told me it's easier to get a job when you have a job, bullshit, frickin knackering.This morning on the way to work eh Ange? #amirite.Not true, you can't compare Germany and Holland if Germany lose....Great final goal to end a great world cup. Fair play Germany!.Friday woop! How is it only Wednesday?   EMOJI[1f61e] .+1 for Shakespeare. Guessing drink and be merry means one drink. Probly worth it. Do they do lots of scenes, or a whole play?.It says a 60 minute adaptation of a play. Sounds sensible, was thinking that might get old at some point.People don't name spoons Owen. Idiot.Maybe there is no spoons.Yo while we're planning stuff, anyone up for the apes film next week?.Can we make a holiday pictures group so I can leave it?.Yup.I'll do it.Sam and phil, put yo tix on splitwise.What's the deal with the cidar thing, so we just show up?.Fuck me that was loud.Just saw a guy cycling through Shoreditch on a penny farthing. Now THAT'S hipster.There was a pretty bitchin thunderstorm over our ways. One of the bolts sounded like it landed in our garden it was so loud.Who's gona get to this thing for 6 this eve?.Same. Don't dawdle dudes!.Holy balls its hot.Yip. location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5470433,-0.0754274. Which bar?.Yah happy belated geburstag Lface.What's the craic now?.Second. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .Oh ffs weather. [MEDIA] .Somewhere near Old St Sam?.I'll be Old St abut 6ish.How bout Angel then, never go there, you know a place?.Got distracted, will be Old St in 10, where am I going?.Shaggy is this going to be like that last video you posted?. [MEDIA] .Man I don't remember that.Lol. [MEDIA] .Wtf.You gone to South Bank yet Bunn?.I'm missing keys.Me and Bunn made it! Twas sweet!.Bring my keys Bongo!.Yes! I put it on here like a week ago and got tumbleweeds.Nah next week. Hannah can't do Weds. I can do Tuesday if its a bit later.Beers? Will be in town about 7.. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .WhatsApp pic of the year.Lol. Poo. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . Is it actually The Armad Legacy? Its alright man you can tell us.Let's buy that fort on the Thames!. 500k, and like 30 of us : bout 16k each.Its the banner story on BBC.  [MEDIA] . Come on guys you can't put a price on this kind of zombie apocalypse safeguard.Pretty weird engastration choice there.Lol surprised that isn't a Russian dish.Plates of what?.Metal..Lol. [MEDIA] . Aphex twin!. [MEDIA] .I used to tutor a chinese girl called Ms. Mann. First name Wing.You can't not succeed in life with a name like Jumbo Wang.I bet at least one of our names mean penis in some Asian language.Lol. Tasty dyke broth especially lol.. I'm sad no one liked the wombat beard though.I would choose kigu. And another kigu to go on top of that kigu.ENGASTRATIONKIGU.Big Kigu experience totally going on my CV.Nodding out loud, all the kids are doing it.Train cancelled. Someone entertain me..Homer the Smithers is the best episode ever?. Naaahh.Masses be trippin. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .Hey... Owen has ants in his bants.  [MEDIA] .That shut you all up.  [MEDIA] . Look at her arm.So many ppl are away, Cates about later on tho.Lol.I'm just running out the clock now.I'll be up for a drink in an hour if people are about.LB sounds good, drop a pin.Sounds like riddle.Is that where we watched that world cup game?.I'm there now.I locked my bike by the anchor, is there any room where you are V?.Yeah so it. *do.We were about to leave but now its pouring out :s. What you thinking Dave?.Yikes. Are we going to die?.I'm up for doing something outsidey later, even if not carnival. Find a park somewhere, or have a barbeque?.Pretty massive fail all round from us this eve.Relevant picture :. Oh shit wrong group. Fuck it I'll post it anyway.  [MEDIA] .I miss Game of Thrones :(.Haha a Spanish soap opera version of GoT might work. You know nothing Juan Snow *slap.Walter shames his drug cartel family to go and work as a chemistry teacher. [MEDIA] .Lol I just went past the fields where Reading festival was. Looks like a hurricane hit a landfill.It was only 4 days lol.What did you do to entertain das horde eh? Eh?. Think about it Tegs. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . I want a vindictive gravestone now.Here lies Mike Swarbrick Jones. Fuck the police.Lol. I think I might randomly slag off Owen for no reason. He knows what he did.Probly need to ring giffgaff and ask.Lol.Not even a trendy flask?.I'll be back about 3.Burgers are 1hr ETA.Ring one of us. Or jump over the fence.Also we're not letting you in if you don't have beer.Oh Phil. The shame..Birthday?.My new word of the day : pareidoilia.  [MEDIA] .Lol it has its own subreddit.  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .Playing by ear as well.Urge to pub rising. Still up for it Slam?.Turn it off and on again. I.e. go to pub.Is that what we're calling our garden now?.That's a pretty great typo.You mean drink at your work desk?.I'm not gonna be there for a bit, gotta finish some things here..No-shOwen. [MEDIA] .What cheese is latnemme backwards?.Thought mine was well good. Postmodern.Not cheesy enough eh?.  EMOJI[1f603] .Gotta make yourself laugh.Canning Town! There's like 10 people here already.Racist.Pretty impressed they don't just fly off.Ah downer. Guess they are being taken for a walk then.What time you going bongos?.You guys still about there? Niall's gone home now.How long is this Juan guy around? I can't take much more of this.The solution is clear : get twice as drunk right now to get back to where you were last night.TIL: George Foreman has 5 sons called George, George, George, George and George. And a daughter called Georgetta.Lol. I like that he turned down Georgia, Georgie, Georgina for Georgetta!. Probly cause they don't keep the George intact.I read somewhere he convinced his wife to do it because he's shit at remembering names. What with the marbles he lost boxing.His sons should change the name to George Fiveman.That's a question philosophers will be asking for many years to come I imagine Sam.I wana go pub!!.We did that last Friday, I wana give the real world a chance!.Shag you still going pub with work dudes?.Dammit Shaggy you said you wouldn't.Other arm. And yes.Wait, do you mean this?.  [MEDIA] .What's the predictions for Scotland vote then?.I reckon no too, morbidly curious to see a yes vote though....Lol. And all those cyclists. Damn. 55% no, that's my bet.Yeah think about all those gold medals we got in the cycling!. I reckon no's are underreporting. I'd be surprised by a yes vote.There's no exit polls! Bullshit, where's the fun in that?.You know betfair have already paid out on no? Thats pretty cocky....Let's have a London referendum! Fuck everyone else!. Except Hatfield.Gold medals in cycling will plummet.People keep ignoring the big issues. Do we still get to claim someone from the uk won Wimbledon?.It also depends on whether we decide to put Hadrian's wall back up. [MEDIA] . USA!! USA!! USA!!.Let's kick them out anyway.Also 55% no, nailed it biatches.HB Tegz!. [MEDIA] . I'm the one who nailed it. [MEDIA] .Let's be honest, many of our dreams.H, is your name Henry Dranks on WhatsApp, or just my phone?.Omg that scene is so nuts.Lol was waiting for Hannah to say that.The theme song is about shagging a cactus.Wa?.Its go home on time day!. Everyone stop working. Now.Man fuck y'all. [MEDIA] .Peter's. He may also be sexist in which case you'll have to pretend to be a guy. He's really crap btw, I just go there out of habit now.One time he forgot to cut one of the sides, and I had to remind him.Poet. How drunk did you guys get last night?.I like lol. Its the only one of those ones that you can actually say in your head. Luhmayo, omguh, roffle, brub. They all sound naff in your head.Yeah actually roffle can stay.Omguh I just got cherry flavoured Pepsi instead of Pepsi flavoured Pepsi. Fummle..4 o clock on Friday. And now we play, the waiting game.What's everyone up to?.Where?.I ain't cycling. You gonna be there in like an hour?.Shucks.I have no idea where anyone is still. Where's the ship?.I'm at Fins park. Will be there in 30 mins.Oh is it the karaoke place?.Did you guys know that it's the Horde's anniversary on Sunday?. I feel we should meet up or something.It says when you click on the group name.Noticed it the other day.We should do like 'the horde awards' or something. Most exclamation marks. Most mentions of own name. *owen namw. Damn it.Most annoying member.Hmm. Can someone post that picture of the pug with the 'worst place' badge on.Lol. Cheers.Happy birthday, The Horde!!.  [MEDIA] .Nice. C town BBQ?.Sweet. [MEDIA] .Banter.The Hannah, the..Is he in front of an oven? Nice touch..Man that's kind of rubbing it in the face of everyone who didn't get a ticket.I'm heading to Old St now. Where everyone at?.Same.Snazztacular.Where are you?.Boxpark.cate.Except a pub instead.Its hebdomadal post imgur pics from the train time.  [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .OK I'm done.  [MEDIA] .40. I dare you. [MEDIA] .Me neither.I'm gonna head in an hour.Haha. One in one out.I think when a new person joins they should have to stand at the front of the class and tell us all a bit about themselves.Erotic paper folding.So many anal typos today.No POW still. Adimina were in Brixton but we're going to a gig shortly. What's the deal with Phil, is he back tonight?. [MEDIA] . There might still be tix, have a look!.I'm up now. [MEDIA] .What's the craic D&T?.I am finally starting to feel human again. Beer therapy also. [MEDIA] .You were off with the fairies man.Sry also v, got a job interview on Weds I'm prepping for.I agree with you for Zurich, that place is weird..Went Zurich with Dave in June '09. Found it really sterile and dull. Also insanely expensive. [MEDIA] .Almost got messy? Sounds lawless. [MEDIA] .Shut up Sam. How many you on?.Pfft, anyone can win at that.Some of these pints, are like double pints, you know? Not a fair comparison.I think we may be behind though, will have to rectify.  [MEDIA] .They won the 'Basement Jaxx' award?. Those competitions are rigged.Its Xav's thing this weekend too. I've got a stupid wedding to attend  EMOJI[1f629] .I don't have the original picture anymore. [MEDIA] .Lol, burn. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .Shaggy's the only one who can kick people.  [MEDIA] .Hah, Spotify payback Sam!. Wasn't me tho.The tube's quite good value IMO. Rail services can go fuck themselves. I spent £2800 on train commute in the last year.Just bought my last month ticket today. Handing in my notice tomorrow  EMOJI[1f604] .New job woo!!  EMOJI[1f46f]  EMOJI[1f46f]  EMOJI[1f46f]  I can't get savagely drunk tonight or tomorrow, but yeah a drink after work would be pleasant. I'm gonna be adventurous and say... The George?.http://qubit.workable.com/jobs/7522. Based in Soho.Ive picked a sensible time to jump this current ship.  [MEDIA] .It's ze Germans! Aldi and Lidl are wrecking everyone at the moment.The George in London Bridge. I should be there by 7-7.30.Lol.The best for the way to be in the way to do it is a few days to be a new York city of my friend of my mom and the first time I told me know how to the way. Etc.Sign that you WhatsApp too much - sending pictures of your food from a burning building.#rocknroll Tegs.Be there in 30. *I will.There's an Aussie infestation in there. Maybe the bean bag?. [MEDIA] . J/k, have a good one!.She picked out a tie for me this morning. Seems nice.What would you guys say is a normal running time for wedding speeches? We're at 80 minutes and going strong here.OK done. It was 3 speeches, consensus is that was 88 minutes though. I am putting a 15 minute cap on speeches if I have a wedding.cate again. Her phone must be playing up, add her again Shaggy.Woo Mondaaay!.  [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .If anything, handing in my notice has made work harder. Motivation and urgency to work are completely at odds right now.I find it awkward, a bit like a break-up. Except you have to hang around for a month.26th Nov.As Marilyn said, If Lora can't handle us at our worst, she doesn't deserve us at our best.You can't cycle from Canning town to Uxbridge. Well I mean, you can, but it will take like 2 hours.What train?.You guys are keen!. I am not gonna risk getting drunk afterwards.I think we should take non-kigu clothes with us, they might not be cool with it.Only one way to find out. Shaggy, add her again so we can ask her. [MEDIA] . These are goddamn amazing.  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .Everything I post is from reddit. Its not a secret.r/unexpected, r/wtf, r/comics, r/funnyandsad is where most of mine come from.If only you could post gifs here.Sam mentioned it. He said it's only you and him on it though!.I'm waiting for the cool kids to join.Damn kids with your music. OK fine, I joined.lol.It was a long time coming.Didn't really work for me either. I don't even want to be in their crappy club for jerks.Shaggy add Sam back. He's pestering me to delete you from the nerd group.Everyone got riggity wrecked last night I think.Seasons 1-8 in the bag. There are 26 seasons though....I bet it will be crazily hard. Like who took over as head writer in 1996?. We have to try though. [MEDIA] .Language.Neo-alcoholism.Doing Simpsons revision.Too easy. What's his moms name though?.10/10.Its in Denham at 2, there's room for a few more.It didn't auto sync on my old google phone, was a right mission. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .I really like the bird poo one for some reason.I'm at Fins Park, so might head to Islington!.Shepperton rd right?.Waiting for a train.15 mins.Dawkins coined meme. This meme I do not know.Dick Dawkins.No.Cheers shaggy.Cheers shaggy.Because that's how vaginas do