How'd you get at my family photos?. [MEDIA] .Sweet zombie tranny jesus. I just found this on me phoneola..His show about cameron was weak sauce no matter how long you watched it. Maybe his other stuff is better though..You got your cast off yet? Maybe you can do fun, 2 handed activities with her..Pancake feast at ours on monday. Be there or have healthy blood sugar levels..There needs to be a blaxploitation shark movie. Blaws - The Great Black.. [MEDIA] .Who's coming for pancakes a-tonite?.Bring something weird you want to put in a pancake. Preferably edible..I'd have thought an scant garden enthusiast such as you would recognise art in all it's hilarious guises..I meant Avant garde not scant garden..Damn. Quietest I've ever seen the horde. Is the weather depressing ya'll that much?. [MEDIA] . I hope you were the first out the door thusly winning the fire alarm..I like how everybody in this here whatsapp group, and especially Joe, loves freedom and thinks bombing schools with remote controlled killer robots is a small price to pay for a booming killer robot industry. Now there'll be no cavity search. You're welcome..#bromunistRevolution.Whoosh.I once saw one belonged to a guy called don't touch my fucking sandwich. Sounds Dutch or something..I got Jaeger and bull. Let's get sloshed..Bleh. [MEDIA] .Fitness.Said no one ever..I meant the sunny Manchester thing..Go after him and tell him his portrayal of obi wan kenobi was lackluster at best..THE zane lowe?.Back in my day we only had beige cardboard. And a liked it like that..Both you fruit loop..Where's slam at? Did he get salsaed to death?.Good couch sleep is nothing to be sneezed at..I will celebrate her success in the fashion of my people..  [MEDIA] .Bring the book.Bus just drove past a car dealership called Dick Lover. Didn't get my phone out in time to take pix. The regrets..Seeing the thing that Shaggy turned into back at ours made me glad.I took the bus. The lonely, slow, shitty, boring, devoid-of-alcohol bus..You misspelled cocaine.Using my superlative paint skills I have created a masterpiece.  [MEDIA] . God damn it I posted that 1 minute too early.Dunno. Looks a bit like Bunn.. Also, hahaha Boobs!.That doesn't look like the reaction of a security baws  who's been to Afghanistan.. [MEDIA] .Who is around tonite? There's food..You just need an iron fist..Full of fox cookies.Chowda or shaudeur?.If a gunfight erupts I'll use you as a human shield and then sell your remains to a cat food company..Hny errbody. H n motherloving y..Have any of you considered devoting your weekends to the worship of Jesus Christ our lord and saviour?. [MEDIA] .Spot the hilarity.Dave you win at humor. Gz..Name one thing that does not consistently disagree with you..Brontosaurus mance..Send  pix of the steamed hams..Shard is about 250m I think..Anti Semite.We refer to bunn's hairy rump as steamed ham. Way to slum this highbrow convo up Mikado..Elbow.Not bad. Keep at it and one day you'll be writing beautiful stories about rainbow unicorn princesses..Can we do either breakfast or lunch? Brunch is a fabrication of the gay agenda..Yo Dave you should take your boat across this thing.  [MEDIA] .I think it's pronounced llllllllllllllllllllthllllllllll..I'm the wolf aooooooo.Messy eater, making out with a dude. Yea that's bunn all over..Isn't there a wolf spirit emote? I'm all about the wolf spirit..You're no jaguar man. You're Wubong the monkey king..Wows has the fat guy from the mclovin film. T'should be good.. 8=======D~ ❄.The trailer made it look like a goofy, happy film.. EMOJI[1f38f]  viva la refishlution.I'm at honest burger. Where my ninjas at?.Negatory. between 1.5 and 2 hours wait. We might be able to get one outside instantly but we can't reserve it..It's part of the slow eating agenda..It's guailo you round-eyed devil..Mad bingo yo.You gonna come back with a big 'ol ghetto bootay..Cya nerds. [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] . Testing. Is my whatsapp workin?.I had to use my superlative paint skills for this. Not for lack of trying with more natural means though. I heroically drank huge amounts of wine and beer. All for the arts and for your birthday you ungrateful swine..From what i'm reading i'm surprised anybody is still alive..You try writing in natural paint in snow that's up past your knees with shrunken equipment and then editing the results using sophisticated photo manipulation software (sometimes pixel by pixel).. [MEDIA] . Happy birthentagschloten.You forgot to add 3 years ago.Sweet Dahlia of Somalia ya'll sound loaded. Kudos. I can't say I don't envy you..I can carry posters like a borse. Up stairs, along corridors, up different stairs. Basically any combination of posters and schlepping I excel at..Back late tonite ma ninjas and ninjettes..Very late and yes. If you're all asleep I'll try to save you some schnaps..Dang, even your whatsapp is loud. Appreciate it baby..Not enough Dark Souls.Gonna hit up some art with beast then join yall for boozing..Anywhere you can take your shirt off is pretty good so i'm gonna say canning town too..It sucked. They never played two shoes.. [MEDIA] .I'll send some by post. Gotta respect the sassage flare..Solid wordplay mike. Shame in ya'll for not loling..If you mix Sam amd Obama you get Osama. Fking turrist.. [MEDIA] .Georgia is a cool country. Everybody looks like a henchman from a bond film but they're crazy friendly. Also everything is hella cheap..Yo Dave I got yo cinema card. It's much happier with me. I take it to exotic Georgian cinemas and treat it real good and whatnot..Are ya'll still coming to Budapest? When are you arriving? Where are you staying?.Who's birthday?.I'm here. I'll let you in..Yea they turned out real good. Can't wait for next week to kick it up a notch..Mike is referring to the thick slabs of pork that were marinating the entire day. They were crazy tasty. Def getting the meat from the morrisons butchers from now on..I reckon I'll turn the leftovers into some kind of pie tonite. Can't guarantee how long it'll survive tho..Only if you're a Diaz.Too tired to sing?.There is hella weather going on. Wine in the park?.There's other parks? Something easy for people to reach. Maybe near London bridge..The terrorists have won. [MEDIA] .Take a look at Card Wars - Adventure Time - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.turner.cardwars. Oh... My... Glob!.Hbd Shaggy.It means you have a vitamin b deficiency..Word word..Yo Dave did Angela give you my scruff ticket?.Dang girl you are keeping a close eye on this biz. Appreciate it..So who's going to south bank? I'm about 10 minutes away..Ya'll at the udder belly or what?.In the south back centre?.Breakfast feast.  [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .Anyone up for climbing tomorrow morning? Ideally we'd get there before 10..Infection?.The Fuck you singing can't touch this for?.I can almost hear the desperation eliza. Don't fear, I think we still got some off-brand valium lying around.. [MEDIA] .Bongo you lame noob. You fail to bring lamb chops 2 Weeks in a row and you tell us this damn late. You going commie vegan on us or some gay shit?.Where is this from?.Dave your cordial is next level tasty. Nice one..If the weather stays this fine we should go for park wine in the eve..Park + wine.The best park. The cheapest wine..So where's a park that works for errbody?.I'll be there in about 10.Marth, get your superlative keister up over here. Consider yourself cyber bullied..We need lemons. Not many. [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .I'm there like Fred Astaire..Looking forward to this. Gargimachos motherfuckers..I'm in.Nobody look at the next message bong sends. It'll be one of those MiB style memory wipes..Just a little something I whipped up.  [MEDIA] .You moving your boat today or tomorrow dave?.We need lemons.I'm there like Bucky O'Hare..@Lorna & Sam: Tegan is glad you're not coming..Hawk I think.Falcon. Damn you all the way to smartass hell  Shaggy..Bbq at ours Monday. Obviously no GoT. Any film suggestions welcome..The porn version. Rug Rats.: Chewing that Carpet Up..I don't want to alarm anyone but that guy behind and to the right is definitely chasing you. Has a kind of terrorist look about him too. See if you can run past the US embassy and get him guantanamoed..Beach!.You gonna zip car it?.Anyone showing up to bbq tonite? Need to know how many burgers to make..Poor Shorty.Some Eskimo must have his eye on you.#iknow.Negatory comrade Davesky.I'm up for chanting USA somewhere..I'm here. Place looks neap.American dude just ran into the ref and tried to make it look like a foul.At el camino. 5.10 for a pint. Arg.Where when we meeting?.Do we have to meet up before to get the tickets or can you email them to us mike?.What's the nearest tube stop?.Cheers han. To the pit with you and you're advice Shaggy..I blame the gay agenda, the EU, swype and ethnic people. In that order..Drop a pin. Rapido. Or rapidesceu as they say in Romania.There's multiple lated enhances. Entrances. Lates.Where are ya'll at?.You guys still at the reptile house?.If someone brings mint and a few limes we can mojito it up.Also bbqing done burgers.Negatory.We ate all our food. And drank all our drank..Your choice of place. McD, Dallas chicken, that other McD. You name it..Heading to kick bar with yo lock Shaggy.Dang. I ran back from the station cause I forgot it so you better lock something up.. [MEDIA] .There is no way I can get as excited about any other team now that the US are out..  [MEDIA] .Read the Bible you commie heathen.Shotgun sparkling..I'm in. the area. Where people at? Drop some pins baby..Right next to temple station. Bring booze.Black n white pix or it don't count. [MEDIA] .He's actually called Johnny van Costa.Dang, this was my time to shine. Existing is what I do best..Hot dang. Was awesome to watch this on French TV. Le Massacre. They didn't know whether to be exited or hate on Germany..Save him you imbeseal. He's our must soulful and sacred singer..  [MEDIA] .Did you purchase any magic gadgets from that mage in the rolling shop teegs? Can you pick me up some kind of machete of infinite beer?.Woo high five Dave.Bbq at ours tonite. All OGs and OGettes welcome. If anyone knows where to get bratwurst get some and I'll reimburse you.. EMOJI[1f43a]  EMOJI[1f52b]  you better show up or the puppy gets it.No bbq at ours after all. Lack of interest plus also laziness on my part. EMOJI[1f52f] .Welcome back amibro..I wasn't gonna ask till later but i'm too excited. Did you bring tequila?.http://www.nooooooooooooooo.com/.Get me a Shakespeare ticket teegs. I have ever been a patron of the arts..And if I was shadow minister I would criticise you for not making them backward roll as well..Ah bajeezus. What a storm.. [MEDIA] . It's work in progress.Hbd Lora spaffenstuphen.No mcd food allowed inside.Word.I am always keen to celebrate the worlds wonderful diversity of alcohol I mean culture..Jun  snuuh.And more culturally significant.So who made it to southbank?.All it's missing is shotguns, beer, titties and air shows..I'll come but I'll be celebrating American independence. The best independence..So I can treat your mom to something other than sausage..Hercules is out. Starring... wait for it....The ROCK.Beers beers beers beers beers beers beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrssssss. Sssssssssssssssssssssssssss. EMOJI[1f472]  EMOJI[1f1ee]  EMOJI[1f1f1]  EMOJI[1f697]  EMOJI[1f44c] .Eat it before it turns the neighbouring plants red. Domino effect is a Bitch..Is it that bearded chick in the middle?.Silver 1 you noob slacker.Vroom vroom.I had a look. What does it look like. Which rooms could it be in. it's def not in the projector room..Anyone up for hercules tonite? The rock is in it playing a less well known Demi God..Word word.I'm sensing a distinct lack of enthusiasm for the rockules. Maybe we should just drink some brewskis and watch the worst Robin Willems films..Can we get your code slambeaux.Latest sporkules showing at quays is 19.45. Who's coming?.Appreciated.Neat. I'll get tickets for us shagster. It'll be romantic..Challenge accepted..Yo Dave. Why is that photo of our table tennoise session so weird? Did I overload your camera's buffness filter?.Does the ladies triathlon include mud wrestling instead of biking?.I downloaded a film that looks 100% eighties and 300% disgusting..Any plans to drunk til we go meschuggene tonight?.How much longer ya'll boozin? I can be central i'm about am hour..I'm up for it Dave. I checked out the horniman gardens near forest hill yesterday. That's well random  EMOJI[1f38f] .That sounds muy excellente. Alas the museum was closed.We are fated to gape at Ann overstuffed walrus.The living will envy the dead.Status of project hella steaks bongo?.Come to Camden for red fang you squares EMOJI[1f46d] . I meant \m/.I feel hella inadequately meatal compared to everyone else here..Dang. Well done mike..Also,a lot of beer.That bow tie looks like it was tied effortlessly..I'll join ye if you're drinking around London bridge.I didn't know you could drink cocaine.Is it really foggy in there or what?.Works for me. But  London bridge would be good typo. Too.Heading off now. Let's do lbridge. Anyone know a better place than the George?.At the George.Owen you suck.At coming to the George and at league.  [MEDIA] .They are lmc and they are vegan.Why did the Mexican jump over the fence?. He juanted to get into the USA to find work amd provide for his family..I'll be at the George at about 7.Poo Poo Poo Poo poo.That is a hell of a polite way to say I'll meet you if I can't think of anything better to do.Much swag Yoda once had.Why is this happening?.Get back to work you lazy slackers.  EMOJI[1f620] .Looks like mike got  EMOJI[1f610]  EMOJI[1f60e]  rektified..How will he get to work then?.Is it to late to sign up for this Spanish/groping session? I want to get my hands on some Dave..I guess Shaggy is consolidating his power by silencing all dissidents. I for one salute our new Ukranian overlord..That isn't fit for polite company thanks to your coarseness han..Fighting.Hjd.Your only hope is that someone faints. Or watch YouTube videos of people who fainted. That shit is hilarious..Who was that? They butt dialled me..Send him a text or a smoke signal or some similarly antiquated communique..Nice. I was just about to suggest the same thing..Stay strong Shaggy. No leniency for infidels..Did you reinvite Sam just so you could kick him out again?.Happens to the best of us.. [MEDIA] .Anybody going drinking somewhere?.Shaggy tells it like it be.Phil just means love. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .Hbdv.Also, you're going to start feeling an overpowering urge to say I literally can't even.Shut your dirty mouth mike you sub human sub zero fanboy. Obviously scorpion can't battle all the chaos gods but he'd do better than pretty much anyone else..The sob story came later when the drooling masses couldn't handle that a bad ass ninja had no back story beyond being a bad ass ninja..Also, harpoons..Someone got his ass beat by scorpion to many times. He was just the vessel man..Where you prawns at?.I am not happy to be missing out on capirinhas made by a genuine, bona fide Brazilian..Fk u.Stop stealing my moves Sam.. *my move.Welcome back mizzle. I like the sound of ¥6 cinema. Does it have a mahusive screen?.I'm in for interstellar.I'm in.I think that is the closest anyone can reasonably come to being called a teenage mutant ninja turtle by a newspaper. Congrats mike..Errbody at the Shakespeare?.I went for one perfectly timed piss. I missed a few minutes of crying and daddy please don't go..Happy birthday Hannah. May your milkshake continue to bring all the boys to the yard.. EMOJI[1f4aa]  EMOJI[1f601]  EMOJI[1f44c] .Welcome to the horde you down under degenerates.. EMOJI[1f412]  EMOJI[1f448]  EMOJI[1f62c] .Is road trip near Hannah's?.I reckon I was down to 0.5.Sorry I cola't