Desde mexico!.  [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .I asked them to stop while I took it. Everyone's so friendly!.There you go. How do you invite? Maybe only the creator can?.Philistines!. Also I looked it up, because I'm bored. Hoard is for things, like gold. Horde is for people and animals. The more you know.That's a grwat pic, dawg. *great.Hoard of C-Townians?.Mmmmm doughy doh d'oh.Beers beers beers beers beers beers beeeeeeeeeeers tomorrow? I haven't seen Y'all in too long! London bridge is always easy, if anyone objects to the george we can definitely find another place x.Yes yes, shot, yes, vom, yes. Bed in a ditch.Done!.Who's coming to the pub? I'll be there from 6.30 ish x.George to start, we can maybe branch out to somewhere new after!.Karaoke?  I'm a little late btw.I must've spent an hour stareing at those bird pictures, they're still making me laugh.I'm in re. I'm in reading all week boo! Kriz was talking abiut it fir tomorrow though, if you're going I'll tell her?.Mercy that was a pretty justice-heavy evening. You got any other pics? I don't think that's pj at his sexiest.Hah yeah, but only for 5 minutes for having illegal levels of party animal. Think shaggy's got some more pics, he's being all coy today though.Don't think I've seen any of his biz, I love standup though,  I'll geek up a bit this weekend n maybe get a ticket!.I conclude that if regulation doesn't work out, you've got a fine future in arts review!.Hey Y'all,  my brother just released this game which is pretty cool, I'm pretty proud of the whole thing so if you want to check it out it's called barcode wars and looks like this (all free).  [MEDIA] . If you fancy downloading it'd it would do him a favour, and he loves people critisizing his stuff if you find any bugs.Def, I think I phone as well. iPhone rather.Ah I'll check, might be android only atm.I didn't think of that... better to get some cheats off him!.Close.Hmmm I'll have to have a look at that!. Android only atm, apparently that takes 5 mins to release, ios takes a couple of weeks,  so he's getting all the bugs out before he sends it in.It's cos he didn't have it, try now.Tonight is climb time, anyone around for some delicious pub grub after? I hear there's this nice place by london bridge called the George....Yeah probably at the pub around 8.30 - 9 I guess shaggy/ marth normally get there earlier though.Oh god yes, can we play shark based drinking games again? When's cate up next?.Booo! Late work? I think dave and I will be around, any other takers?.I'm going to road trip similarly (and dragging mike along) and maybe phil.We've gone to yhe windmill just now, about 5 mins because all my work people are gay,  I'll jog up there when anyone gets to old st though x.Yeah! Joe's the man with the plan though, allegedly it's his birthday.I like fake butts and I cannot lie.Windmill, south instead of East x.Just south of old st roundabout, go down to epworth street and turn left x.Yay windmill! Still here,  and we're not movibg x.Still in the windmill just now?  There are no more plans x.Here's the post code! X. location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5465499,-0.0755061. [MEDIA] . If you still need it!.Good partying everyone! Sorry you got jacked up mike.What the what? Is that poetry?.Aw yeah!.I miss the george already.  Remember all the good times we had? The fires? The beer garden? What a beautiful place!. Any of you non-climbing slackers coming for a pint after?.There's a bunch of guys who turn up in skinny jeans and kill it, if that's the only thing holding you back!.Nothing but a smile.You totally could have ridden that out, I assumed it was something high brow.I'm getting smashed with pete philosophy is my life morey and rob massive homo akinner in brixton, everyone's welcone to that as well. The singing won't be as good though.Fuck her softly please. [MEDIA] . 10:10, the beast remains in it's nest,  planning it's next move.I'm in the ritzy x.We are 2 mins from dogstar, where you at? X. Also get the fuck over here joe, brixton's not the same without you!.300 degrees fron left speaker,  just in frojtbof the wall.And her cardigan. That was some pretty over the top tidying!.It got pretty close, they'd been looking for half an hour before I called and she had to leave like 5 mins later. I laughed for about ten mins straight after I spoke to you.How much were they? I'll pay v.Not a lot, tubes and trains are delayed / cancelled, the weather's really nice though.I reckon mike's stating at work overnight, anyone want a bet on it?.With  canoe to get to the donkeys.Aww yeah! X.Texas?! When did that happen? Is that the start of your winter pilgrimage (wilgrimage)?.Sounds like hard work. I'm actually really glad I'm not going to a paradise filled with hot party people. EMOJI[1f496] .Jihad. Osama. Follow up to 9/11..Can't :( should be there for 6, maybe we can scuttle a quick one.. So tired!.2 mins away, pint please!.It's got books that you can steal for free x.I'm getting some snacks with lucy n james in southbank if you fancy?.Somewhere between tge bfi and the imax, we're seeing thor at 9 so food and a couple of drinks first.We're in pizza express just now, I'll get a couple of extra seats, come over! Two hours to booze.Think I'm just getting beer. We got a table special, come here.Talking to people.I'm getting a couple round here then home nice n early, fancy a ride back around 9?.What what? What's going on there?.Bunn!  It's about time,  you close?.Y'all have to get an app called kozel pint finder, it literally (not figuratively) gives you free booze!.The weekend starts here. And it has its balls out.Wait!  We missed the sloshed!  If there's some left when I make it back, we've got ourselves a party!.Let's burn the house down.Questions: can it open a fridge, is it strong enough to carry beer?.OMG I want it now!.Yep.Batman wasn't in Lord of the rings.Agreed.Still winning at life.I still need a regression session ticket, anyone else want one?.Cool, I'll get those 2 then. After work, pre-rave drinks in angel?.Quiet! Hush your mouth.Silence when I, spit it out.Cant wait to get my freak on! Are alan and that coming?.Winner. You see that snowboarding thing from ahmed? Are we back from india on the 8th?.1 day turnaround after a day in the air? #whatalegend.Happy birthday phil! X.We got tickets! X.Boom! And a mezcal bar, it sounds like heaven on earth!.And verily, mike stole the coat of dave, thus the circle of coat theft became complete.Jesus I just got about a thousand messages in one go, slow days at work for you all?.I got lucky with a latina. Oh god! Ive got invisible teeg syndrome!. And by lucky I mean she let me sleep on the couch.Aww next on my search list!. It's when people completely forget that you're in the room, while talking to you. And it's hilarious.Dimner and a film with krizia, but in your room I guess so it could get pretty interesting. [MEDIA] . Here's a picture of two cats hugging. If you need something stronger, I've got an otter in a bib.Pain-ochet?.Elizas bday, come party?.Drayton arms, near gloucster road tube x.Ossum!  We're just atriving x.Woooo go teeg!. I do object to no mention of beers in that message though, is the maid of the moment coming over for a celebratory couple?.Sweet! Birthdays and drinking, my two favourite things!.Whrrr you at shagglez?.Goddam.Sure!. Bunn you totally lost against those girls. It took 45 minutes.Only the girls were all super hot, nothing like my school. Hey shaggy you still alive? How'd you get home?.Yeah! Round II at marths? When's the next party girlfriend? X.It was all my fault,  I didn't want to go so I called in a bomb scare.HAPPY BIRTHDAY MICHAEL!.I'm going bodeans for some motherfucking chicken,  anyone fancy coming with?.Occassion is I've been dreaming about them chicken wings for months!. I'll be there in about 30, can wait a bit if you're there later though.Cool beans. You / han coming shaggy? Gotta say numbers. Abort!  Two and a half hour wait!  Beers in all bar one next door instead.Not sure, come for beers and we can decide. I've got cider!.Yeah, still on the beers. 2 doors from bodeans.I'm oot, dinner with daddy tonight but back later for a c/c beer.Our living room looks like a refugee shelter at the mo. Who's up for a good old tidy up tonight!? Huzzah! Tidying!.After the film of course, I hear it's Pretty Good.Aw yeah! Something around canary wharf, then over to the Cineworld there!. What time you thinking? Looks like I'm working a bit late here.I can get there for 7. Film at 7.40 or 8.50, so either quick beer and eat after or head to wahaca for some proper snacks and do the 8.50 showing. Fancy it marth? X.Sounds good! So cat and canary for a pint at 7?.I think time will be tight, can head over post-film though?.To beer: the cause, and solution, of all life's problems.Pub has food, of a solid standard variety.Any of you beautiful people up for a post climb pint around 8.30?.Oh snap teeg! Guess that's too late for you though?.It's never too late to other thing!.Y'all still George way? Just done climbing.My head, face, stomach and all the other parts that hurt agree with you.I have not thrown up at work, I'm proud of that.I have to party :(.Could someone check prices / availability? We have to be there before 5.Nope,  got this staff party thing. I'll manage via whatsapp.Prices?  Availability. And did you see the memo? All messages need to be sent with a tps report. So if you could go ahead and fill that out, that'd be great.Report: tps.Coach! Book 6 pls, teeg dave shag phil bongo me?.I think you should come anyway, I've always wanted a galtically awesome awkward situation.One for me pls.Oh I need to be back in London by 2.30, that change things?.Yup, probably easiest with a train open return?.How's everyone doing for time? Think shanglez and I are going to be close, could you grab some train beers for us as well O?.I lack faith in time. [MEDIA] . I tried.... [MEDIA] .Intergalactic planetary. Intergalactic. Mhhhmmgjmhm. Intergalatic planetary. Etc.Classic bunn! Love it!.Your man became a monster.How're you feeling this morning shag? Pretty fresh?.Jesus I go to the country for two days and Y'all rack up 50 messages about shaggy vomming. Nice work. I'm up for a film tomorrow, busy til about 7 though, any showings after that?.Too much saturday, nothing Sunday.  You? Fancy drinks on Friday?.I'm just to the wharf,  anyone there for a pint?.I'm here, I'll get two tickets and chill in the cine-bar, hurry your horses, I don't fancy drinking alone.I have vinay. I'm getting him drunk.I literally JUST decided on an early night! I'm in for couple if anyone else is. Marty? X.That's so cool!.They used to use pictures of phil, but all the girls stopped taking the train.Road trip to start, anywhere else you fancy after?.That sounds amazing! I'll give wills a shout. No I won't, don't have his mumber, one of you guys?.Wooo!. What time are you hitting the road trip?.Mmmmmmmokay!.Oui oui x.Still here.Wut?.Got kebab. It's like starjizz in my mouth. [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] . Merry christmas!!! X. [MEDIA] .You up for the showing at prince Charles tomorrow?.Bongo had the idea that we could dress up for it. Vest, no shoes. Glass for the hardcore.9pm shotgun one!.Have I still got one of those shotgunned?. My vest n toes are ready!.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5207192,0.0148618. I'm not there yet.So what do we have immigration for?.What time do you need V? I'm coming back about 5 I think.Me neither, sorry hun! Maybe you could get an arnie cut out as a scare-hipster.Excellent opening night, the christmas day felt designed by dante then spent the day today drinking and throwing children. All in all, 8/10. We all back tomorrow?  I fancy sitting in my pants for a lot of it.It's pretty badass to have a pet fox, what do they eat?.I've got half a Christmas cake and some pork, no animal alive is about to turn that down.Touch of bad news chaps, we've got green end (the river / party cottage) for the 31st but can't stay the night of the first. Bring the party back to c town instead?.I think there's a bring your own shank event at the princess Alex that night, perfect timing. Whenever, afternoon sometime I guess.C town it is, I'll show you my shank collection when you get here.Llamas for the rich, goats for the poor.Amazing! I'm back in about an hour.We could do with some Stuff actually, anyone know someone?.Also heaps of booze. We ran out last time after buying enough for the chinese army.I'd panic dave. Panic and lose my house.Bgr p th trns. I got that first time bunn.I don't know if it's cool or if we've spent so long living together that our menstrual cycles wre in line.One car and some people on trains, I think you were down for car-ing?.Could get two cars, I'd prefer train though tbh, trains are fine on the 1st, about 2 hours to waterloo every half hour. Cars a bit cheaper, trains are nicer.13 I think, 7 seater an option?.Probably taxi for v then, which leaves a 7 and a 5, or a 7 and 5 by train. Def need one car, mainly for ease / booze runs / flexibility. Station is lymington, or Brockenhurst. Brock is a bit further but easier trains, lymington is 1 more change. So depends on whether whoever's driving is up for a slightly longer pickup *lascivious wink at marth*.Awesome sauce, we can plan pranks to play on Bunny.I bought a unicycle just for this!.Sup.So I think we should stick to the e-list.Car: teeg n dave, shag marth, pton and oliza. Leaves bunn, cate, rob, V and me by train / taxi. Did I miss anyone?.There's a good pub across the road and a great pub 5 mins drive away.31st, guess that's Tuesday. That leaves 2 seats in the car? Also can team shagmarth be in charge of sorting that out?.I'm easy,  anywhere with all you beautiful people and some tunes is good for me. Ideally some naughty salts as well, anyone got some thoughts on that. ?.You'll have to fight the foxes first. Thinking about food and people, phil / marth, you know some roast stuff we can have cold? Like, do a ham in the morning maybe?. And can you do veggies for the veggies dave?.I feel pretty good about this actually, bantsmas was awesome.Agreed but I'd say cos of the people, not the place.(Bunn cleaned. He took offence to that one).I'm getting way more into the idea of c-town by the minute!. We've got twice the people as last year, and we'll have the place all nice for you ladies.Hehe in my experience that rarely ends in the place getting tidier!.Sofa's free and waiting for you if you're around though.Partying? Blurgh! I intend to drink some fine scotch and play some games, sleep well and get cracking for tomorrow.We git 3g of md and 1g of coke. We're thinking basically booze, some tasty stuff around midnight and stuff for stuff.We're going on a big ol' shop just now, any special requests from morrissons? Also if possible keep track of receipts and shit, we'll make sure no one's lost out at the end.That would be great marth. If Y'all up for it we should assign drinks, put that £40 saving to good use!. I vote marth champagne, tegan red dave white, owen tequila eliza sambuca V is down a ticket so np, rob'll get vodka, cate's on other things ans we'll sort out port / beer / other between us.Bunn's on rum then, rob on white. I'll accept one nice bottle of spirits, or 2 ballsack cheap ones with mixer.The more the merrier!.That's cool, I'll drink yours. That goes for evwryone btw, I love sambuca.Points to anyone who brings something interesting and off list!.That was totally my plan! I love white russians!.And a sleeping bag if possible.  [MEDIA] . This tree fell down, now we have monkey jesus living in the park.All glory to monkey jebus!. And as all of yous accountant, it is highly important to keep receipts.Got it. Meet by the meat. Rendezvous by the roastables.Asap marth, only you and v and liza missing!.Happy new year everyone!.Much love marth,  and everyone who made the pile of people such a nice place to chill out!. I'd like to get cash sorted soon if possible,could you all check your emails and get back to me today if pos x.No idea, there's one by my bed if you need some juice just now though x.Seconded! That vodka won't drink itself either.Second. My body feels like a meat puppet. Jubilees down west ham-stratford if anyone takes that.Thunder party tonight? You have to drink when there's thunder, or when you want to.I'm back on the scotch and cranking, need a kind of early night tonight I think, the white fascists got kind of out of hand yesterday!.Buuhhhhh. You got it bunn? Cba to open my laptop.What's ws?.Til something.Pray to the gods of internet and try refreshing.V and I are going burgering in angel for aome good clean booze free fun,  anyone want to join it'll be five guys at 7.30.I think they have one made out of vegetarians, any good?.I have done some research, they have a veggie option where you get the bun and all the veg you can fit in it, like grilled shrooms and onions, which are done on a separate veg grill.Anyone for a cine-trip tomorrow? I'd like to see the new ben stiller thing.Science time! Give us 3 films you really like, and 3 you really don't.  Newer films would be better, and no cheating!.That's bad testing! It means nothing if you do it blind, you're basically saying you found 3 films you kind of agree with.Pitch black was a solid 57, enjoyable but not particularly great.I care bunn. Without booze I need all the pointless arguments I can get!.Yeah but you automatically pick the ones that aren't.Hah maybe we should make our own whatsapp, with black boxes and hookers.I'm there.I'm so hungry, tempted to go for a pre-burger burger to take the edge off.I hate getting better taste, I can't handle mcdonalds anymore, I've got to schlep all the way to kfc!.Greatest meal of all time,  maximun once a week. Just got here, I'm having a pre-pre-burger milkshake coke in the Nags Head, opposite angel station and a little down.Depends which way your facing and no. I'm the one in the window with an orange and lemonade and disappointed expression.Yeah game on, we'll head there.I'm in hannah, can't let my buns get like bunns!. You starting today?.Awwww yeah rottentomatoes chat again!.I'll go on a burger date with you,  but I'll be thinking of Ness.Where is shake shack? Would be cool to find a good place nearer us, something in london bridge?.For when you have 100 problems.I thought it was you honey I swear! His whatsapp colour is almost identical!.Anything fun happening this evening? Maybe a wahaca /film combo?.Salmon pink, some kind of fuchsia, 11/10.Not far off marty!. Yo mike, no one seems up for wahacing tonight, dallas and film at ours?.I'm in for either! Quick choice though, I'll be cycling somewhere in 15 minutes.You seen silver linings playbook? I vote that for tonight. Same director as American hustle.Agree, just had a chat with office chap who was raving about it. I loved silver lining playbook last night as well!.That's totally not true bunn, and I resent you saying it.Where else can you get bacon, egg and potato dauphinoise on one plate?.Both. Elevenses is for everyday.After bunn shaves the sink looks like someone put a banger in an orange.I'd that huge? Out just really close to the camera?.I'm going to have to kick y'all off Netflix, I can never use it at the mo! There's an option to upgrade from 2 to 4 users if anyone wants to chip in instead, £4 a month.Yeah, been a week or so, probably when it was bugging that time. Yeah changed, then gave it all out again. I thought you could kick everyone when you feel like it, doesn't seem to work though.Np for now, I've got a stream, for next time though.Yeah, as of a couple of weeks ago. £4 a month extra gets you 2 more.Nice one. Let the semi legal streaming continue!. 4 should mean everyone can use whenever.Sup party people, I'm going burgering with V this evening, some place in Hoxton, y'all fancy a snack and shake?.Lucky chip, in the sebright arms, about 5 mins walk from Hoxton station. I think V's working, so meet there at 7.30?.So I had to look up that Bukowski place, God's drool does it look delicious! I vote that for next week.You already had your 600 calories for the day?.Yeah! Or maybe a bit before, what time're you free?.Cool, I'll aim for the same.That's not a bad shout, is there one around here?.Ah yeah.I've spent too long thinking about this. But I'm down for pubes for teeth. You could trim them right down, and I think having a Johnson ringed with teeth is like saying goodbye to sex.My body's full of burger, it's a happy place to be.Happy Wednesday everybody! Who's up for some American hustling tonight?.:O What're you up to?.That sounds muy bien. I love Japanese stuff, James showed me this awesome little restaurant in the back of Liverpool street station, I want to go back there sometime if anyone fancies some tasty tasty sushi sometime.Awesome, 7.40  canary wharf? Maybe some food before, there's Wahaca just round the corner.I can get there for about 6.30, Oweb coming?.You make the bet this morning bunny?.More free burger bets?. Or how about 38 days to India?. Oh Jesus, visas! Going to get on mine now.Aye me too.Yeah, you wouldn't want to catch anything like poverty, or compassion.Hbd dymsob. (You magnificent son of a bitch) x.I have three (Bunn Mike and I) Phil needs one though.Ox! I'm 3 days off tiger, my mum's should have held out for that!.Oh, I'll take both dragons then, that's more like it!.Yeeeaaaaa boy! Look at that badass!.You're such a party animal, you don't need a substitute.And yeah shaggy, the tat is actually my vision of Mike as a dragon.What's everyone doing tonight? Looks like I'm smashing a couple of pints (lemonade) then in for a late night (playing computer games).We can totally make you a dress like that. Stylish and nutritious!.Booze hound! Turning up to a thing tipsy? I'd never do such a thing!. (Just getting tube from c town).You got an eta v?.Two seconds.Yeah! Still going strong! X.I got me a profile! Thoughts on what we should take to barter with? I was thinking dance lessons for the paralytic.Wolf of wall street Wednesday? Cheap tickets and good films, what's not to love!.I'm busy tomorrow, y'all wanna burger then film on Wed?.Burgrrrrrs?.V's not around, you'll have to schism the snacks. I can't do tomorrow and quite want to see it, t'other way round?.Treachery! I hate you all.I'll revel in the human exploitation with you Mike. It's either that or salsa dancing. I'll take human suffering every time.I recommend Byron, it's slightly more expensive but a thousand times more deliciou. What time's the film?.O2 is cineworld as well, if that helps.Anyone on for slavery tonight?.7.40 for me, more late working!.Every movie is a popcorn movie. Think I'll grab a sandwich to eat in there, want anything from Tesco?.Yeah and yeah.I thought it was pretty optimistic actually. It's basically the sorry of a man getting away from all his rich superficial friends, and starting a life of outdoor living, where he gets to travel and lot and meet a wide variety of people.We went for a couple of drinks there with v one time, it's ok, too busy semi-authentic Mexican place, they get pissy if you don't order food though. You going?.Woooo climbing! actually I'm probably not making it, l looks like frustrating work, kebab and early night tonight.I might get a kebab, and put it in whatever you cook. That sounds delicious.I'm going for dinner and dancing with Cate in Brixton tonight, anyone fancy it?.Staying at ours tonight.Anyone having a drink anywhere interesting? Massive fail by the work people.Haven't decided, this was gonna be my night off, might just stick it out though.Yeah right? I don't even miss that sweet sweet refreshing life giving gmgghghhmg I want a beer.http://haphappy.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/homerbeer1.jpg. Dammit.  [MEDIA] .Yeah I want to see it, I also really don't want to leave the house though, so let's sew how it pans out.Like a lion, who realised he's had a heart all along. Um, i might have lost your racket bong. You playing sometime?.Haha awesome!. I'm pretty bemused to be honest, mine and yours are definitely in the house somewhere, but I spent awhile looking last weekend and couldn't find either.Dog?.Anyone up for doing tough mudder or something similar? I want to do it one year.I'm going to cut down smoking, if I limit it to ten a day I'm pretty sure the thing will be easy.Oh yeah, I forgot it was supposed to be a charity thing as well. Well do though, the bit I've heard about them sounds like a really good thing to be involved with.From a user of public dentistry and streetlights, thanks Liza!.Department for injoying dicks?. That's not how you spell enjoying teeg.Burger Tuesday? Think v and I are off to honest burger in Soho.Didn't get to see them, I thought it was a good idea to get tickets on the door. It wasn't!.Happy burger day everyone! Honest burger tonight, it's on Dean street just by Soho square. I'll try and get there for 7 to get a table, it gets busy but there's a bunch of other places nearby if it's too bad.We're on a list, how fancy!.Long! We can have a team meeting when you're here.Yeah right!? I bet they stop to chew and everything!.I'm busy, can get a code though.Just waiting for it, took a couple of hours last time.Still haven't got that code, will you need it?.I think that's it! I got it at the end of the film, guess I've got to call them sometime.Oh! Next Friday is birthday time! Make sure y'all keep it free (7th). I'll get a proper plan together, but we'll head to Birthdays in Dalston for sure.Very talented lady!.Aw yeah! Racist mcs are my favorite! I'm heading over with James about midday Sunday, fingers crossed for sunshine.Aww that's cute. I bet they're all really bad.F off my spotify, I'm trying to forgetmenotify!.I'm in for a quiet one out two somewhere, Alan's bailed though.Greenwich!? Why there? Which bit as well?. I'm going bent over at work, I'll probably catch y'all back home around 2am.Ok, maybe 8, it's still an infringement of my liberty though. I'm being oppressed!.What's the sit rep?.Drink!. I might do similar then, you coming back to ours teeg?.Haha five pounds when you get off the plane right?.Seeing some art with my mum. Rock n roll baby!. You going to be around central with it about 6 Marth?.Sounds like a sweet ride, you got a basket and done rainbow tassles for that bad boy?.Ugh, STILL here!?.Aww yis! To which you are very much invited to, heading to Birthdays in Dalston for 7.30, snacks there (they've got the greatest burgers known to man) and done dutty rap downstairs after. I keep meaning to send an email or something, but basically everyone I'd send it to is on this thread, so be invited everyone! X.Meal and a show for me! What's the deal with the American Bunn?.Send us a sepia picture when it gets there please, I HAVE TO KNOW what it looks like!.Yarrr! You'll have to wrestle an American for the best bed though. Loser gets Phil's room. That burger looks like a Ron Swanson special.Out of ten?.That's an ok burger, right there. Is it as small as it looks, or are they American style ten gallon coffee cups?.How about a pet that eats mice, but doesn't trigger allergies?. There's that python going in Bristol, that would be cool.We all eat animals, I don't think we can consistently cry over the slightly uncomfortable death of vermin.Also, Pete got one with a hammer once, I've always been a bit jealous of that.Drink ? Salsa if I can be bothered. It's not looking good. We could do speakers maybe?.Hah, for sure!.We've got a lot of plans, that's the easy part!.Am high?. Hey if I didn't say before Hannah, about the French friends, hells yeah! The more the merrier! X.Huzzah for me! :).Yeah right? I don't think anyone was expecting that!. Thanks for the headphones everyone, especially shag for having a half hour conversation about it and I didn't guess!. EMOJI[1f562]  EMOJI[1f354]  EMOJI[1f37a]  EMOJI[1f3a4]  EMOJI[1f319]  EMOJI[1f479]  EMOJI[1f4a5] .  EMOJI[1f491]  EMOJI[1f449]  EMOJI[1f44c]  EMOJI[1f631] .Uh, I'll be getting some drinks in somewhere tonight, probably around Blackfriars or towards c town, but tomorrow night is compulsory fun night, 7.30 at birthdays in Dalston. The fun is compulsory, so try not to have any today, or you might run out.Ah no! Think we need to? I'll give them a call just now.All booked, sitting down to eat at 9, drinks and biz until then.I'm heading to the Albion, kind of between Blackfriars and st Paul's, looks like central line and district are both pretty much working, it'd be lovely if anyone fancies dropping in for a couple.It's about 10 mins walk from bank, that'll be the easiest for getting home.Dlr's all normal, they replaced the people with robots ages ago.I'll be there in about 20. Such a slack day today!.Beeeeeeeeeeers!.That sounds good?. Yeah Bunn, that's the place, nice little pub! They've got a chocolate stout that tastes like chocolate.7.30 for sure, I'll be in Blackfriars til 7 if you're looking for some pre-booze boozing! X.Our story opens in a bar top covered in jaegerbombs. In the background a lone voice cries out won't someone think of the kidneys.Where is everyone? I need someone to drink with!.Gotta get down it's Friday!.It's the station near st Paul's, and the area, where we were last night, I've gone now though. To Dalston!.All my dreams are coming true in one night!.Amazing all round! We're at birthdays! X.Jesus see a doctor dude, that stuff looks like an explosion in a mountain dew factory.I greatly appreciate every millilitre of effort you've put in brother, i'll quaff my next tea in your honour!.Now that I'm over the student style hangover that was yesterday, mainly spent curled around the toilet wishing for the sweet release of death, thanks to all of you for making Friday an almost perfect night! My only regret is that I never got down to see the stabby rap room, I blame whoever said they were playing Destinies Child at about 11!.Also special thanks to Bongo for saving everyone a massive headache and putting the meal on his card, that must've been huge so please make sure people pay him back!.Done! When?.Give us titillating hints!.It's ok, we burnt it all, back to the normal c-town squalor now. You'd be very welcome to come dance in the ashes though, Mike's probably the best bet for tonight x.I love your film choices. There's one just come out about a going French girl who falls through different levels of degradation and sexual experimentation. It sounds like the blackest of black comedies, it made me think of you. Ooh also there's a new cirque de soleil thing I want to go to if anyone's up for it. And Robocop!.Yeah that one! Yeah kind of porny! Apparently you actually see almost nothing though. Did not not shim sham la beef was in it though, pretty sure I don't want to see his junk.I hope the drinks are Bunntiful, and the banter Bunny. We got a plan for tonight yet? That Mex place?.Food and drinks Shoreditch way, when bunny decides where's cool enough!.I just got kicked out of the client's! I'm heading to roadtrip now, be there in 30 if anyone fancies getting started early!.Yeah just got here.Awww yeah! Pint? X.More people to scare off with bunnys VJ?. [MEDIA] . I love that the horde is growing. Excellent work pton. [MEDIA] .Oh hey! I found these for you bunny!. [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] .Aren't they kind of.... violet?.Jeeeeeesus, we have a winner!.Well did you? I lost track, but I'm pretty sure out of 5 people watching adventure time, 5 feel asleep on the sofa / chair / beanbag. Rock n roll.Yes by f2f deff x x x.Address of the place. 90 Main Yard, Wallis Road, Hackney Wick, London E9 5LN, E9 5LN London, United Kingdom. Just called number 90 according to Facebook.I haven't laughed that hard in weeks.Dave almost hacked my Wang off with his knife skills, my future kids will be lucky to be alive.Yes.Ahh yeah, so it's normally at the Cuban bar, behind Moorgate station but the last couple of weeks it's been at Amber instead, just oppositeish. Very excited! X. Amber - Amber. . http://goo.gl/maps/HJNIU.Trust in the Bongo cooking, he makes the best pak choi, tuna, beans and super noodles I've ever come across.I'm just getting a little wee kebab, it's only a little wee thing though.None! Where is everyone?.I've got a work thing at blueberry bar, worship street by old street, it's open to all after like 6.30 if you fancy catching up there, if not I'll come meet y'all wherever you want around then x.Deal.The plan abides.I miss you guys, where are you? X. [MEDIA] . We found Starbucks!. [MEDIA] . Indian photographers, more love for the white boys than the monuments. [MEDIA] .He got told off for pudding on their palace #lad.Beers beers beers beers beers? We'll be back for the c town welcome home party y'all organised in 2 hours, party time! X.Haha sounds good! Think there's too much collective exhaustion to make it there and back though, pop over ours for a smoke and film instead?.Yeah, Tuesday. [MEDIA] . Our waiter for the evening.Thanks Dave! How's c town been in our absence?.Good man, upholding the great traditions our house has been founded on.Haha I'm not even sorry!. Pic from your window please, I want to see that beach!.I've got beers, chilli, 50 tabs of valium and the top five Disney films all lined up, I'm not going anywhere x.Sounds good, I might be heading up to Cambridge to see the sis, not sure at the mo.If not I was wondering about a pub lunch around central somewhere, maybe that canal pace again?.Yeah, where we had Bunnday.Shaggys found a nice pub lunch pub near hackney wick, I think we're cycling over there for about 2, after bloody Mary o'clock, y'all fancy joining for tasty snacks and tall tales?.If you guys are gallerying first, at the pub after I guess? You got a favourite one team Shag V?.Shure, for about 3? And maybe pub after? There's been a dearth of good pubs in the last two weeks. Stupid India, having to drink in palaces instead.Get a man with a van, it costs about twenty quid more than renting one and so much less hassle it's a joke. I'll be around to help move stuff around if you need, it's on my cv under life skills x.I'm in like tintin, so long as the weather's all sunny and cycleable x.Which match? That's going to be unreal!.Everyone else, who's up for this film tonight? Reviews look good.We've got 6.20 or 8.50 at canary wharf that's good for me and Mike, snacks and drinks before / after would be nice, anyone a veto?.Let's do 6.20 with dinner after then, that ok for you Mike? Think you're the furthest travelling.8.50 then, leaves plenty of time to get smashed in the cat and canary before!.Just heading to the wharf, anyone around there in thirty minutes?.I never should have come so early, just imagine all the work I could be doing right now!.Amazing!. I've just been looking him up, I've seen all of his except bottle rocket, that's Saturday avo taken care of.Last I heard he was hiding Crimean refugees in his attic.I'm going to get drunk somewhere. Probably at that salsa bar, so I can swear at elegant people. Y'all welcome to join, but I won't tolerate joviality, frivolity or any other kind of monkey business.Actually really well, which had made me maudlin. Seems like I'm better at everything when I'm too hungover to stand up  by myself.I'll batten down my bellyaching. You guys drinking around Blackfriars somewhere? Might pop over in a bit.The Phil requests some wine for the cooking, and also for his face. I guess I've been designated his whatsapp interpreter.I love that goats cheese, don't listen to the man.That was dogs cheese dude, goats cheese is fine.I felt like the cycling dead this morning, apocalyptic hangover.I'm having a quick one in all bar one, Moorgate if anyone's passing by, we all up there for 8 otherwise?.You mean more likely to sell.Is that what heaven looks like?.Mmmmmmmm.Happy Friday Dave!. May it be be a rolling crescendo from tea to party. Speaking of which, there's no red fang tickets left, you think I would have learnt to book in advance by now... anyone got some other fun to join? Or fancy a good old fashioned pub session if not?.Could try a tout, there's a couple of nice places to drink in Camden if that falls through right?. I didn't realise how massive the world's end is! I think we stayed in the front bit last time, I thought it was a pokey little place.I had a friend who got his arm broken by a goose, wings muscles are no joke.It did well to survive through the first one, they're more dangerous than napalm.You can buy a hypo allergenic cat for 5k.Any spare ugly duckling tickets going? It's been too long since I came gigging!.Nothing on ticket master, maybe done on the door.Sweet, nice one dude!. Drinks first somewhere?.Okie dokie, doors open at 7.What do you mean by natural numbers? It usually refers to counting numbers, which you can't sum.You can't sum that, you can sum OVER the natural numbers, but you can't add them.Email me whatever you're looking at, before Bunn notices there's maths on the horde.It's been ages since we've had a pointlessly nerdy argument about something, it's not a much fun sober and writing, let's get drunk and do this again sometime.I'm getting some sensible drinks on Friday with Lucy and James cos I haven't seen them for, months y'all invited if you fancy.Hah! I like that none of it went in his mouth.I've always dreamt of being one of the knife and fork operatives in sector 7g. Live the dream teeg, nap through the morning.Wooooo! Go shaggy!.Head of noxious gases.Time for a relaxing c-town bath!.I'm in for burger club Tuesday, those pics look amazing, and birthdays is the top rated that still exists, obv they know what they're talking about.From a one second recording? I think the evidence is inconclusive.Bongo's got a date!.That place we went for fran's birthday, it's a good mix of classy cocktails and rapey staircases.Anyone up for drinking classy style tonight, I'm heading to dickens inn with Lucy and James, just by tower bridge i think.Yeah that's the one, been there?.Just at the Dickens inn, come drink!.Just in time for the Jaeger!.Wooo congrats!.I was planning on playing computer games in my boxers and shouting at dark souls, celebrating somewhere sounds good as well though!.Y'all still in Kennington? Mum time done, I'm in for some champers.High at Lora n Matt's, they have the stickiest of ickies.So the magnificent Marty suggested a burger trip tomorrow evening, anyone else up for it? I'd like to try meatliquor after that delicious article Lora sent round.What's black star? Coronet is the one by elephant and castle right?.Sounds dirty, I've only got my suit to wear, I think I'd get shanked.Against elephant and castle? Definitely.Keep your hands in your pockets, it'll be fine.Haha nice one! Was that on look mum no hands? Love that place, they fixed up my breaks for free.Meeting about 7.30, this place is too cool to book tables, I'll find somewhere to pub n meet before.Meatliqour, by bond street.I'll be in the Woodstock.Yeah, no queue at the mo, chap says there probably will be a little un by half past. There's an itsu if you can't take our company for the 10 mins it'll take! X.Yeah it's still early, we can eat at 8 np.Woodstock closed, we're in the spread eagle instead.Just having a cheeky one at the pub, check here first x.Great burgering everyone, I'm really glad that Ed's was closed!.Yeah, drink until the sensible people have gone home!.Arguing against the eu just feels like xenophobic atavism, I'd love it if there were poignant arguments for Britain to be a member for itself, but I feel completely happy with the idea that we make a net loss, with a huge gain in other countries. Looking over the history of colonial Britain, I think we owe the world a bit.Delicious. I don't get the to one, painted pillars?.Looks like a detonator. Pretty cool though, for when you've been ignoring that flat halfway to work. [MEDIA] .I like it..... Big ride somewhere else? The weather literally doesn't matter when you're riding, and I'm jonesing for a trip now!.Similar... so Pete's uncle is doing some circus stunt off the Olympic tower at ten in Saturday, we could see that. Also I don't really believe in bad weather, wear shorts and it doesn't matter at all.They played two shoes!. Never mind.Beers!.One of us! One of us!.The soft warm face of a killer.That man's killed more people than Russia.You coming round tonight O? And everyone else for that matter? Aiming to gorge on bbq 7.30 ish, y'all welcome.Get a bit of food and whatever booze for you guys pls, we'll sort out a variety of other stuff.Sasages.My only worry is that room getting so fumigated with post meat gases none of us make it out alive.I rewatched the first season with v, if anything it's even better the second time round.That didn't get nearly enough applause!. I'm seeing family Saturday, how late do you reckon this beatboxer's going to stay around?.I thought Jon Oliver was doing an English version! That's kind of a shame.Sounds perfect, I'm well up for a couple of chilled ones and nice ride home.Lucy n James are seeing the raid 2 at 9 as well, might pop along that way.Maybe, yo coming?.That's the most awesome, confusing, silly film I've ever seen. And the only time I've heard heartfelt applause in a cinema! 10/10.For anyone wondering the question was'things that turn you on which shouldn't'.Seeing my sister, then maybe a party in Cambridge with Mike's brother. Unless there's anything in London later, then maybe straight back instead.The secret's out! To the caves!. How's the snow pton? Anybody lost a knee yet?.Sounds like heaven on earth. Maybe get into shooting, if they're anything like bond henchmen you could be the best in the country in a week.Happy GoT day everybody! As always, y'all welcome at ours for food around 7.30, show around 9. Bring something to chuck on the bbq and a couple of beers, we'll have the coals hot and the seats squishy.Bring it awwwwwnnnnnn!.Negativez. Also, no vodka. Sorry to hear it hannesa, we'll eat a dozen lamb chops in your honour. Sorry Lora, could you grab some cheap vegetable oil if you're close? Need to get the chops ready.Uh, anyone else closer? If not please do! X.I think you can turn anything into vodka. If you add enough vodka. Anyone buying oil, also two bottles of Glen's please.Where is everyone? Me and shaggy have twenty lamb chops each right now!.No! Dry chops, gross!.I'm getting pretty excited about a Brighton ride, perfect weather for it, if everyone's up for some boat bbq that could be cool as well. I love summertime, every plan is massively enticing!.Hehe, what do you think will happen to the boat?.Ok ok, I'll leave you in Tegan's experienced hands. Something something video camera.Oh I was going to ask about that, what's the spittlefields flat place?.I'm out soon, just tidying up a few bits, What're your plans?.I'm heading to road trip for a couple, it's kind of on the way if anyone fancies joining.Road trip, old street. We have bunny in residence.Don't wait! She just fell asleep on the couch....Guilty!. She made eggs, no way I was letting that leave!.Awesome, where?.I'll take options a to c please Adam!. I think we've got them O, can have a crack next time you're round.Yeah in Bunns room I think, Bunn?.That looks like the first shot of the impending computer apocalypse.It's big meat Monday all day! Come round for some cocktails and sunshine anytime from 2, game of thrones around 7 x.I don't think that's how memories work. Yet.  X.What about that memory from the comedy club! I'll email it to you just now.Yeah game on.Beers please, and maybe some Bunns. I've gone a bit meat crazed do don't worry about that side of things.GoT at 6 for bunny, heaps of drinks first. Get over asap! X.Only your beautiful face! X.A) I thought that was a text message. B) all I can taste is hamrum. Cheers for coming everyone, same again next week!.I need a pint more than oxygen. So glad this week's almost over and the fun can start! X.Whoop! Where you drinking Bunn? Coming for some London bridge antics?.Made it to bridge, what is up my brethren. And where can I find you all?.On my way! Guinness if anyone's buying.I'm about to get to a bar where I can drink the melancholy out my body, come get me out of the borough gutter when you're done hun x.Aaaaaaand we're back, goddamit ryanair.Anyone else poop themselves a little when they said technical fault?.Haha tell me that's true.You know you guys are sitting next to each ither right?.Ok so my phone's spazzing out so i went on a message board, check out these guys.  [MEDIA] .Yeah! They turned around 45 mins in!.I wish.Awesome.Our section was cooler than mr freeze, boring.Seems like a weird choice. I guess they have engineeers and shit in the UK.He's sulking now. How are you doing Hannah? Make it to the second plane?.At any given moment you're two tequilas away from being the wild card.http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-FGsKpTVvGO0/TbArJbmps4I/AAAAAAAACCM/sveW3yiiQpQ/s1600/dreamstime_18134364_blue-tits.jpg. [MEDIA] . Balls.And d&t.Bunns playing pokemon and sulking about Mike's jibe.You got like 5 minutes, let's do this!.I just got asked if I'm English, #tanwinning.Fair disclosure, there's a chance we might save it for tomorrow, leaving tonight for chatting, wine and maybe a game of phase ten. I know how you. Hate that.Marthematical!.I'm off to the George with bong n shaggy if anyone's around and fancies a couple of quiet ones.Got a courtyard bench, towards the back. EMOJI[1f44d] .What's the plan for tonight then? Drink around goldsmiths asap?.Just leaving work, I guess 5 mins if I don't get too lost.Oop, 45.Yeah I'm on my way. I got lost.Where you at O?.I haven't, let's do it! I'm back in 30.Hey Dave, I've got a weirdly meaty taste for you, if you drink a big mouth of black coffee and then immediately water, it tastes weirdly meaty.Yeah kind of, I can never figure it out, like it's no particular meat, just conceptual meat.Coke n DS party?.Angel, 3 o'clock, queens head, free music, Pete and Rob and beers beers beers beers!.That's the birthdays guys! Amazing. location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5361923,-0.1022911.Soon as you get here. Bring strong spirits.Aperitif.Can you get a bag of coals and some lighter fluid?. And some more vodka. I don't know how much you have, but we need more than that.Have you booked?.I kind of promised to go with James, I'm booking so can just make him come along to whenever.He was up for one of the big screens non-Imax though. Downside: smaller screen upside: dbox seats (they shake you like an earthquake simulator). Probably better availability, thoughts?.Hehe, ok ok Imax.One for me please Eliza.Drink, care to join?.I'm easy, I've got the bike. Anyone got somewhere more exciting than road trip?.There's always the gable to start, that place is mad cheap. It gets a bit shit later on but it's always a laugh until then.Shush you, get back to your gin and tonics x.But suits is all I know!. Someone choose a place then, maybe something like katzenjammers?.Any nice pubs around there?. In the absence of anything standing out as outstanding, how about a could of pints near holborn and home for a film and takeaway at ours?.Sounds good, I'll be there in 30 mins x.For sure! Got any plans for the evening?.Something with guns... like laser quest, or a meal in Stockwell.I'm here! Guinness please Dave x.I missed Greek cursing!?. Never again, by the crippled leg of hephaestus!.The unerring arrows of Artemis!.Almost there! Just got to ctown!.Homemade burgers? Or did you find some secret Burgeria?.Sounds most boday, sorry I missed it!. Is there any left? Sounds like a perfect post climbing snack, if it survives that long.Truvape is the name of the flame, I did zero research into it except trying Nialls once, so there's probably a better product out there. If you think it it a buying 4 packs it cigarettes, which will last about 2 months, it makes the thing seen really cheap though, and they've got food customer service so far. I'm a fan. Mmmmpie sounds delicious, I'll get the climbing out the way asap.Wood.Oooooooo happy birthday!.I think she meant because it's hot.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.493916,-0.0474918.I'm there like Voltaire.Sounds good, don't think I'm getting out before 6.30, let's do new change on a mid week evening so we've got a chance of a seat.What about that little one by borough? We'd have the glad when things get dingy.I'm off to the queen bee, rooftop bar by old street, let me know when anyone's got something better x.Still at work just now, heading to this queen bee place in a couple. Could go straight to Camden I guess.Hmm think I need to go to this bee place for a bit at least, work stuff and all.Work is very lazy.... Golden bee btw, if anyone was heading over, not queen bee.This place sucks.Yeah I reckon, going to chug a couple.I feel like I'm in a movie, a shitty b-movie about SoCal. Roebuck in a minute I reckon. [MEDIA] .That's a stupid idea. Stupid like a fox.Hey Liza (and all), it's the last day of the clerkenwell product design festival today, there's amazing chairs and free ice cream if you're still into that biz x.Back off xcom, there's a new toy in town.But which makes you floop more?. I got it, just waiting for lunch or, uh, other.I've got a work drinks quiz to suck at, I'll head to you guys after though.Pretty tempted to skip the quiz, it's not like I know anything, but it's not often enough you can get first year drunk for free.Quick! Demand a pay cut! They're after your integrity!.Between Kafka's house and that 6 floor club.Retweet.We have an excess of plans, the only question is whether Henry is coming to night tales by choice, or if we're making him.Where's everyone just now? I'm leaving Moorgate, anyone in Tottenham court yet?.You guys at the dairy for awhile? I'm heading back to London but my phone's gonna die, still there in 3h?.Ah man i called by the dairy place, must've missed you guys. Let me know if you're going for something in the week x.Any space in your boat roof for a G to drink some beers in the sunshine?. Phil would like to know. Its been too long since ive been boatwards as well! X.Amazing, think we'll grab a couple of bikes and meet around regents park, weather permitting.That looks like a hate crime.Yo yo boat bros, im not too excited about this weather, i'll pass up boat times for another day. Going for bbq and film around 6 this evening for anyone up some fiiine marinades though x.Im home, going for a jog, phil n mike at the gym.Woo ctown!. Phil the grill and barbeque bong have taken care of a heap of meat. Maybe bring some beers, bread and a little grillable, maybe burgers?.But most important, your radiant smiles.Oh cheesus! Plastic cheese as well. Good shout, ill coal now to make sure.So I've bought some mud guards that don't fit my bike, anyone have a mountain bike that needs some? Free to a good home.Mwahahahah! Also, I got the reddit app, win all round!.Some gangster turned off auto spacing and auto capitalisation, that's what happened. I feel like I'm graduating Henry, imgur app has taken my hours for too long!.You're my hero Bunn, taking lethargy to new levels. You listen while you work? I got a bollocking for wearing headphones once. I need a new job....Hah yeah, first thing I asked. For those bemused, I've got a new job, starting June 23rd, I'm thinking celebration meal on the 19th to ease into tandem festival. Save the date.I'm pretty sure it's just what your used to, going back to computer speakers when you've been listening to real ones for a little while is painful, you never realise how bad the quality is. And I'll never forgive Vanessa for educating me about burgers. Now I know what they're supposed to taste like, I can't even finish a McDonald's.Hah, I was just thinking the same, think I need to turn my phone off for the afternoon.I'll be just up in embankment for a bit Cat, you know where you'll be?.I'm climbing straight after work, will be finished around 8  for some beeeers.That made a posse at most.I sent something Mike, don't know if it's what you're after!.Maybe, going to see how tonight goes first.I'm saving myself for scruff tomorrow.What's everyone else doing tonight? I'm in the mood to get too drunk in a pub by 9 and watch Desperado back at ours with some tequila. Anyone want to join?.If this works out I'll be in bed by 11.30 #samplan. Got a staff thing, it'll be a free for all about 7 if you fancy it, the Fleetwood by Liverpool st.Yeah, from yo mumma.It's definitely Bunn. He's got the good stuff.No way! It's rigged!. I think it's twisted by the contiguity. There were those weeks of no one but Bunn posting.You can't blame me for being a spaz, but after everything we've been through. I danced naked in the moonlight with you brother.Perfectly understandable mistake, no shame in it.Ignore shaggy, he didnt get enough hugs as a kid.If they don't have the mountain and big gay Oberon beating on each other I'm going to boycott the show. For at least a week. Looking forward to seeing everyone tonight, daddy Roberts is staying around for the evening so if anyone needs some advice on psychiatric rehabilitation or fly fishing, now's your chance.Drink a couple of lucozades before you come over O, he never believes I've got adhd and I want that sweet sweet ritolin.I reckon it's like that lady on Amelie, if we get all the inappropriateness out in one go, he'll be cured forever.Well someone needs to get lamb, how about you Bongo?.My good I miss that guy already.Obergone.That comic made me sad all over again. Great style though.Different setup, the cartoon looks more like a street brawl, the show was in a proper stadium.Just rewatched that scene, so brutal! Even just the punch would end the fight.Climbing just now, might I over after. *I might.Agreed! We're chugging and appreciating the delicious taste of childhood.Tribal, like it. Can't make film though, got some sushi to eat and computer games to play.You going for that data analysis thing?.Cool, I love that stuff. Sure you need to get into vb? There's probably a work around in excel. Yeah for sure!.How many colours? You can filter by colour, it's a bit too manual, but quicker to use that if it's only a couple.Good God that's pretty.Going for a pint around old street til Mike turns up, anyone fancy it?....awkward.My anxiety levels are the exact opposite of effective.I can spend 20 mins freaking it about missing trains while I'm napping. But now I've actually got a train to catch, zero worry.Not even a little! But I think I missed my train.What is this witchcraft!?.  [MEDIA] .We had storms down here, big ol' lightning storm at 4 in the morning. It was cataclysmic.I can get there a bit later V, still be there around 8.30? X.Speaking of aged fermenting vegetables, what's everyone doing next Thursday. I'd like to have a celebratory I've got a new job meal, and conveniently Bongo decided to be born that day 33 years ago, everyone up for a meal around town somewhere?. I'm thinking tayyabs at the mo (amazing Punjabi stuff) but will confirm with numbers n stuff. Thursday 19th that is.I normally eat a couple of times a day, I'm totz up for that, which night you thinking?.Good luck guapa!.Halloumi plz, there is none here.You have a lot of love coming your way in an hour and ten. Is this the episode where all of westeros die to smallpox reef? X.I'm looking forward to tywin being left and starting the first ever accounting fantasy adventure. Ten episodes of him arguing balance sheet with the iron back.Awww yeah!. Plastic cheese though, if that's a problem.I'd be up for, uh, succulent Saturday at ours? Only if there's flags and face paint though.Let's do it! We even have two places to watch, one for England supporters, one for La Terrore x.I'll come, like Alex Bunn.I'll come, unlike Alex Bunn.That was between us man, that was between us!. Did anybody ever look into zipcar properly? It sounds amazing, but I'm sure it'll end up hella expensive somehow.Totz!. Yes to sidecars, how big a bike do you need to tow a caravan?.I'm having a couple round here if you're looking for an excuse Mike, or anyone.Omg I've got some drama!. Sorry Dave, be there soon x.Soz, not that soon.Oh god order!. Sorry chaps, still no sign of getting rapped up here.Not sure I'm making it, DRAMA :). I'm living a perfect schadenfreuder just now.Heh ok, so this guy I work with can't make it to Friday leaving drinks (y'all invited btw). So we went for a pint, only he left his travel case in the office. Normally, no problem. This time, the cleaners slacked off and the card system got fucked up, so we've had a distraught time trying to get back in to his passport and all the money. Safe now, but it's been a rollercoaster.Think I'm going to call it a night though, thank you so much for waiting but I'm ruined!. I tried!.21st.Ok, I've got a 90% plan to get a car and go kite surfing on Sunday, there's two seats in the first car and can deff organise a second, anyone fancy it?. Going camber sands, on the south coast. Oh, cool to come just for the beach if you don't want to kite.Heh sorry Dave, I'm not used to having then :p.*them.Brazil out in the group stages. Calling it.They've got a good squad, but it's definitely Argentina this year.Did you see that pace?. Defenders hate pace!.I can't believe no one's done a flip. Hey, what about Mexico changita? They're your home team!.Uh uh, can I veto?.Niiiice. Loser has to wear a dress made of the winning teams flag every night for a week.I'll support Italy, but I'm changing sides if England start winning.As papiripapiii!. I'm pretty sure that means something about father luvin.Brilliant :).So sorry Dan, it was a not yes. In case you hadn't noticed... Sounds like you're doing post-thesis just right though!.It's last say drinks for me tonight, work people only til about 8 but if anyone's up for celebrating after that I'll be in number 1 sports bar, Moorgate and druuuunk.Got the bike, which I'm slightly regretting, I'll see how bad it is later but might chuck it in a taxi / leave it overnight.Yeah, half of it. The other half is a boules lawn.Suckers!.Hehe, how's that early start coming on? X.I dig that you're doing the pre-apocalypse research Angie, when the time comes your house well be the first stop.I woke up in a strange place staring right into the cold depths of shaggy's eyes. The days picking up though.I've got my Sam the slayer costume ready.Bring some veggie stuff for you guys and any beers, think we're a bit light on the booze tonight.Does it transform?. Sometime before ten V x.That 5pm Friday Han? Me n Bongo were hoping to head down that morning to set up, possible? X.No worries, thought there might be stuff going on that day, if not we'll had for 5 instead.I'll pop round after climbing, won't be there til about 8 though, save me some pibil x.That place is fuller than full. Plan B?.It's heavily guarded, need to get the watchman a few tequilas, maybe some roses and a meal....Yeah! Which part are you in?.Yeah! They're letting people in, just real slow. If you can't get in, we'll go somewhere else x. This bouncer is awesome. I didn't know they made Mexicans that big.I had to wait about 15 then they let us in. At the restaurant.Aww you have to have faith! Bong got straight in! Where are you now? Close enough for a drink?.Goaless draw! Goaless draw!.Lahore kebab house this Thursday, they'll have the match on, table at 7.30, can I get a site of hands? I'm assuming all the usual, that includes you Sam, Lorna, Lora n Matt, and anyone else who's reading this!.Midday for me, need to have a sober one on Sunday.I'm going to Liverpool street for a cheeky one with Krizia the Overworked, I'll be there in 40 x.Somewhere east of Liverpool street, then 15 min stroll to Lahore. Think I'll be there first to find a place, there's a nice bar just by the gherkin we went once.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5143908,-0.0799621. The sterling, in the gherkin. There's always room for a little one. Probably room for Xav as well.Can you score some for me if it's cheap? The place next door is a bit more expensive I think. It's Lahore on commercial road by the way, there's a couple.Will do, cheers for picking it up dude!. [MEDIA] . Totally badass.Tegan! Did you bring my jumper? X.I'm just glad you have it!. That's too much red to lose! X.I heard a story x.From tandemival.  [MEDIA] .Bling bling bitches. [MEDIA] .Rugrats: the movie. [MEDIA] . You can't trick me, soap!.Who's up for the beach this weekend?.Boo why not? Fun times?.That's cool, thinking back up for about 8 Saturday evening.Pretty sure we'll make it back by Sunday.I thought I might ask who's up for it as a first step... you deff not able to make it?.Yeah Saturday day, yeah zipcar. Let's discuss it over beers tonight then. That's always the most productive.Got one booked np, pick up by c town station.We got 1 rotation in, maximum win. Sorry though dude, I assumed your ninja skill would counter the weight difference, I only stopped because I thought the last one might actually break your back....U R GUAY!.He sure has a taste for winning.Happy BIRTHday dear Em Pearce!.Donde estan loss burritos chiquita!?!?!! Voy a Shoreditch y espero ;) !!! Xxx. [MEDIA] .It really freaked me out, saw that picture, looked up, different clothes. Why aren't you at glasto Bunn? Did they cancel it?.Hey, why does no one have the video where it worked for 100 metres!?.Jealous much?.2nd half somewhere? Kings cross has plenty of places....There's a place with massive outdoor screens just by my work, then 2 stops to Finsbury, game on?. No suits. Camino. The Regent Quarter, 3 Varnishers Yard, King’s Cross, United Kingdom. https://plus.google.com/105034133055334889445/about?hl=en.Not sure when I'm out, def by 6.I'll pop down in about 15 I think.Booo! Tins? Or there's the backpackers across the road.We kiguing tomorrow? I've got a spare couple if anyone needs, it's been too long since the fur came out! X.Done!. Got to be careful though, they're pretty realistic. You don't want to end up in a cage.I've got a bag FULL of kigu, going to be a tad late though I think.Just leaving kings cross, where do I go!?.Just got off at Camden, there in 5!.Almost there!.I'm by the entrance with all the face masks, donde estas chica?.Heading to food and stuff x.On it like a Shakespearean sonnet, back in about 45 mins if we need anything else x.Braziiiiiil!. I'd feel worse for Neymar if he didn't look so much like he deserved it.I've got yellow fever, the only cure is more GOOOOAAAAALLLLLLS!.Food. And drink. Braziiiiillll! Totally deserved, even with some awful ref decisions, the best team won!.Chilling like uh. Sam you Mike!.Ah man, so sorry guys, or whole house had a big fail. We've had a chat, and want to take you out for a meal as make up. Like a house v house date. EMOJI[1f44d]  EMOJI[1f44c]  EMOJI[1f44d] .  EMOJI[1f479] .Beautiful day for a ride and a beer, there's a Mexican / Dutch bar in west Kensington showing the match, who's up for it?.Vivan los banditos!. Para la familia!.Forza Verde! Mis hermanos!.Can't believe it was too hot for the supporters to sit still, but the players were still going for it.Book netherlands. Boooooooo.88 minutes.Dirty Dutch.What, betrayal and cheating!?.I'm sleeping the second I get back. Well, maybe after a burger and argument about Arab land owners, if Dave's around.I'm in Oxford with the family, was thinking I'd nip down for some hippy time just after though.What're people thinking for tonight? Let's try that Red place Bunn's been chatting about!. Oh which one did you have shag? Think mine was the Danny Trejo, which was pretty great.One more weekend in the beater and that'll be me.When's everyone hitting red? I'm thinking around 7?.Let me know when anyone's getting there, I'm about 5 mins out.Sorry man, got caught up and forgot I wasn't cycling! Just getting the tube from kings x.The regalist of smooches.Red Gallery. 1-3 Rivington St, London, United Kingdom. https://plus.google.com/113531186394134880222/about?hl=en. For those with a Mexican sense of direction.... Not sure the stragglers are getting in, it's a pretty sure queue already.Bring beer.Hey where you at Degan? Tave? XARTHA?. Ooh that last one came out angry x.Powerful imagery. Can anyone see the match?. What's the score?. [MEDIA] . Competitive ladies hot dog eating. Winner are 34 in 10 minutes.Yeah right! Where does it go?.You can't see their legs, maybe they're huge. [MEDIA] . Wooo canning town!.You see them?.Do it Bunn, you've got the calves for high heels.Our bbq attempts are shambolic, with Phil abroad, shaggy drumming and Mike chasing sexy TdF tail.House is always open to those with beer ofc x.As long as there's a little bowl of grue for me, sounds delectable. Also, great autocorrect fails guys, a whole string of them!. Not sure who's home just now, I'll be there in about 45 at least.Game on! I've got to head home and pack first, if anyone could get there a bit early and exist in a space, I'll be there for 9.But you do it with such aplomb, a true blue natural exister.Home, pack, over, 8.30 for me x.Am predictably late, any backup plan?.I'm in for anywhere that'll let me in. Not Martha's.Box parks got space, big screens, good atmosphere, good food #justsaying.Ouch. Come box park! Heading there with Kriz n v. And it's right by the overground home. I'm sorry I ever cursed the depraved hipster haunt from hell.6-5 Brazil, last one in added time. Brazil play best on the back foot, they've got Germany right where they want them.Huzzah!. Byob. It's a touch pricey.You're not even sorry. Using the corpse of their hopes to fuel your record breaking dream. Come to box park, we can discuss over beers :).I'm in Miami bitch!. Drinking Sam Adams by a pizza hut, I'm not sure I left London. [MEDIA] .My view this morning. I miss the tube.There was an incident at the airport, now she's got a full time job as a megaphone.Just got you bong. [MEDIA] .I can see his hands free kit. Techno-mex.Just caught up on 120 horde messages, glad you guys got some sun!. Mexico has the biggest and best of everything. Hope you're less burnt than Kriz and I, we got all the way to 'crispy'.  [MEDIA] .All done, back in England. That's michelada though, it's like a bloody Mary with beer instead of vodka, it's a one way trip to flavor country.Cheers, some of my best work!.International transfer so couldn't bring any from duty free :(.I've got a lot of pictures of tequila though, interested?. Just saw a thing for lovebox this weekend, any one up for some park dance times?. Amongst others: Woodkid, Bonobo, MIA and Joey bada$$.I think they were worried we'd get into it on the plane and blow up the crew with our burps.Hehe nah, I brought a second bag to fill with Mexicana. [MEDIA] . I lied a little :).Good to be back in nuestro casa :).Beach Saturday! I'm sure it'll be hawt, let's get down to camber sands x.I hear you. I hear you like I hear Krizia on free tequila day. But all it needs is someone else to be kind of into it. And I have the most beautiful guapito. It's Phil..Hey! Only for the first 1.75 litres. Make that 1.0, I forgot how good drinking in our garden is.Then call me señor crimino.  [MEDIA] .In. Hey Marty, what's the plan for tonight? Meeting for drinks before?.What's everyone up to after work? Seeing some theatre with Xartha in Angel, anyone around for a 6ish pint or two?.Bring it AWWWWN. Kings cross, this theatre things up in Angel though so a pint right by the station would be muy bien.Oops want looking, kings cross now but cycling up to Angel soon so that's better. Let me know if you got off at kings kiss though, we can walk up together.I'm up for drunken Shakespeare, ticket please x.Left outta the station, I'm just there.We are here, and so is Owen.Done!.Ah yeah they didn't get enough love! Made my day.Yaay Dave! And to a lesser degree, Mike. Nice one getting tix. Opens at 6, free entry but gets full, so closer to 6 is better.To the ciderary!.Yeah! It's like coming back home!.Where'd you go? You're slippery like a ferret.We're just outside! On the left!.We are at the place, its like a little piece of heaven! Give me a 15 min warning and ill pipiddy pop on over x.Uh ohs! On it, see you soon.10 mins out, sorry dymude we were way furthrr from the car than expected. Grab some beers n snacks to naximise beach time?. Snaximise hehe.Bottles with us, will look into book x.Mike n phil just left, im going to sit this one out though, enjoy everybody x.Still no pics! Give!.Where's the station?. Why'd you move?.Aw uncool, sweet that you get an upgrade though. House party soon?.Can't see the station, but I can see a huge park and MOTHERFUCKING LASER QUEST!.Hah, bet you regret going for a 5 day paradise rave now!.Anyone know how to get some, uh, hydrochloric?. I'm not good at speaking street street, I mean acid.That's what I meant! Thanks Dave.Man I love you guys. Not sure Dave, just Bunns been raving about it and I haven't done anything fun all week, I crave bad ideas!.6 weeks of hippy festivals! It's basically Woodstock.What's the plen batmen? Given the crazy weather, maybe somewhere inside to booze? I'm keen for anywhere I can buy beer and shots, haven't drunk all week!.I'm in, or kings cross / Angel, all good for me.Hmmmm there's a kind of Mexican tequila cafeteria, not sure if it shut down though. Research!. Can't see anything on it, and it's just by a park / Tesco combo if the weather looks nice, see you at 6?.Cuba libre! I love that place. All welcome of course, I'll be here a little around 6.30I think.I'm so there Angela bring on the cava! X.Cuba libre shut down, boo. There's a cheap pub, good pub, different Mexican cocktail bar or wetherspoons. Any strong feelings?.Yeah I'm just opposite in chipottle.There's actually a really nice spoons just round the corner as well, and it has 3 bombs for a fiver.Glassworks, just by the station.Abort! Going to the castle instead x.Yayuh!.The Castle. 54 Pentonville Rd., Islington, Greater London N1 9HF. http://www.geronimo-inns.co.uk/thecastle.Dave! Where u@ bro?.Thanks guys, that was exactly the night I wanted. And I've never thrown up out of a moving taxi before, so that was fun x. [MEDIA] . I don't know what happened, there wasn't even that much booze was there?.Things I found this morning: book with a letter in (Dave?), check shirt (Angie?). Things I lost: dignity.No way! How long til they're ready?.Nah got mine.That place looks like a heaven on earth, a paradise for those keen on racket sports and dogs.Happy Peruvian independence week everyone!. To celebrate, I propose a meal at a delicious Peruvian restaurant in e&c on Wednesday.Reasons to come: 1) everyone loves independence 2) they've got the best food 3) it gives some citric flavor to an otherwise bland british week. Aw shame Dave, I'll drink a pisco sour in your honor!.I'm not too sure, they taste amazing though.Maybe pisco (a spirit), bitters and a creamy egg white. There's a burger joint round the corner you can eat at Phil, it's a perfect fit for you cos they have extra wide double doors.Nah, she's too busy enjoying never having met you this week.Bring some pickled onion monster munch, you uncultured swine. I'm guessing Bongloratt will come, cos it's right up their street.Change if plans chaps, the Peruvian place turns out to be lunch only in the week. Got a table booked at moo Argentina, which is supposed to be cheap and amazing, in brick lane at 8.Tyvm. Also they've got a sweet booking app where you don't have to talk to anyone, amazing.That's a great idea Hannah! Totally up for that!.I'm in.I'm done waiting!.Beautiful day to be boating! So jealous.Hazzah!.Yah, I'll be around about then.Duke of Wellington in brune st, meeting Phil here for a pint just now x.Moo cantina.Nah, cantina.Hehe, where you?.Haha I totally thought so too!. Dave, you're the girl of our dreams.That means it's done.Anyone watching the debate? I need to educate myself!.Good debate, felt a lot more like opinions backed by facts, and less like rabble rousing rhetoric than I was expecting. Just saw this a week, guess who made their own outfit from a bin bag.  [MEDIA] .Makes me laugh every time. It actually looked really good, just all the flash photography.I'll take sounds of vomiting for 100.Mhhhrmmm mmmmhrrrm blggbllllrrg.Beers. Haven't decided where, probably due Kritzwards unless there's a better offer... Mike?.Wooo I'm there like a happy pear.Still at the park?I got distracted.In my way! X.The cool kids are at the park.Yo bong, 138 for flights to Stuttgart? All good?.Mike, Kriz and I have Stuttgart tickets, flying Thursday 9th evening, back Sunday afternoon.Oh yeah sorry Dave, we all looked independently, failed, didn't say anything. It was down by my bed but I guess you scored it from there, sure it's not in the depths of Tegan's bag?.I'm oot, would be up for something tomorrow evening though, to celebrate getting out of here on Friday!.Fo sho.Thanks. Your film code for 13 Aug is 76015711. Don't forget you can also get 2for1 at PizzaExpress. Text code costs 35p. Customer care and T&Cs at ee.co.uk/film.Yeah put it up! I'm a 10% maybe.Upgrade me to 100%! If you're getting tickets score two for me n Kriz plz. <3 Eliza.Haha glad I looked that up... Google roti sans pareil.My sister had a school friend called Richard Dicks. I guess his parents were just bad people.It's a big name to live up to.That was a wombat! No way! I knew there was something up, but I couldn't work it out. Excellent animal bearding Mike, if only there were more pictures like that.Hah, stick it to them teeg.We had a great time last time we went, Bongo got mugged, we saw manky Duncan, everyone danced the night away. Bliss.Nooooooooo! I really wanted to go to that, back Monday though. Part of a tour? We could catch them next week?.I'll just get new flights. Worth it if the gig's free.Yeah it's cool, super healthy family fun so far, triathlon on Sunday. I figure I'll splash around in the pool a bit then watch the ladies event.With a strict 2 items or less policy on clothing.Haha. But that's why you'll never win the Seattle women's triathlon.Only one of me Mike, but I appreciate the sentiment x.<3  EMOJI[1f60d]  EMOJI[1f31d] .RED FANG! Awesome metal band, maybe my favorite gig ever a couple of years ago. Sounds like y'all enjoying the red stripe vibe, get inappropriately drunk for me! X.Bit Hitlery. Or Hitleresque, if you wanna be a grammar Nazi about it. Great pic Mike, thank you.Maybe it's a vegetable bowl,. Banana's taking a walk on the wild side.I Iike to think that's after 120 years of avian spying. And the other 300 agents are at large and undetected.Sorry Dave, I'm hurting and working at home, probably most of the evening!. Trying for a climb tomorrow if you fancy though?.Hehe, work drinks. The cause of, and solution to, both our problems.Going to Floripa for a cheeky one with Mike then catching Kriz n v west somewhere, all welcome to join for either / both!.Wise!. Come drink beer at chez C town bong, we've got all the best cat videos around.The horde loves you terrible T, don't you forget it!.Awesome, what time? I'm back in an hour, need anything?.Haha, I have no idea where to get either of those! I'll bring some sassages and rolls instead.I'll get it.If rate it 50% likely. But there will definitely be beer x.Burgers are made, 99%.I'd upgrade to 99.1 if you bring the motivations. Dooo it. [MEDIA] . My profile pic > your profile pic. It looks nothing like you.Come overrrrrr, things are escalating, it'll be righteous x.We'll be out back, if no answer on first ring come shout at us.Made me laugh.I'm in the mood for some Thursday boozing, anyone about for a pint some where?. Oliza, I haven't seen you guys for ages! How about a little wee George trip?. [MEDIA] . Message from our Starbucks, those bastards.I hat u al. Guess I'll have to go get another one.Moccachino! Traveling's given you a taste of the high life!.Soooo much. I'm getting a new job, this one's broken.Done, when you back?. Let's go somewhere Phil friendly... tequila garden?.Awww yeah!.What about bar canary wharf? Easy for all, and Dave can join a little later?.London bridge is a lot nicer... Dave / teeg? Preferences?.To what?.We're going to the George right? I'm going to the George, see you all soon x. [MEDIA] .That feels like a gratuitous bagging. Bag on bench? You're just showing off now!.BOOM!.I haven't heard one foot emmental. Challenge.They are all bollocks. I wait in anticipation.It was a beautiful thing in and of itself. But it wasn't a joke, or a pun.NOT CHEESY ENOUGH! AMAZING! That's the good stuff right there.Yeah, we've all got some already, not that you'd notice.Tuesday climbing anyone? Let's get some food at the George after, everyone invited to discuss Adamina being homeless.Just Juan?.Woo! 8.30-9ish i guess?. V suggested somewhere else nearby, can't remember what it was called though. And the George is the best, so maybe we should just go the.You better be gone by 8.30 then teeg or by Madre Maria were getting tequilas.And I intend to drink more than Juan.Heading over for a cheeky Juan, everyone still there?. Thanks shag, I was hella proud of that.Pow! right in the spell check.Who else is coming? I'm one pint happy already :) x.Juan word Lorna. Amazjuang. Shit I mean juantastic. Where you Phil?. *shaggy?.It's strange here without you. No one wants a kraken.What about the rest of you? How are your elbows taking it?.Anyone can feel fresh if they drink in moderation and go home at 9.Think I'm going there with daddio this weekend, let me know how it is!.Can't it tell it's fruit!?. I'm at this place with a pair of Mexicans, come join?. location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5119033,-0.1348539.I had no hands in that. Y'all welcome to come for a pint though, take the edge off these spickadees.That's nuts. And a great Wikipedia read.Think it's a cultural thing?, or he just really really loves himself?.  [MEDIA] .Would you rather fight one George Fiveman sized George Foreman, or four George Foreman sized George Fivemans?.Haven't seen it, any idea where?.Can't find it, it's going straight to answer phone as well, sorry teeg!.Will have to skip, I'm entertaining papa all day tomorrow. From the people who've been to the wellcome, worth it?.Good, I was just ready for a break ;).Cider specific? The Roberts clan has never been too apple-centric. Top tip though, cheers.Sounds like a winning recipe for a powerful hangover, can't wait.Wooo! I'll be around about 6.30, we were just discussing making a pie, in?.That's a man.Hmm could do, they've got a great overhang room there. I think it gets busier though, let me see if dreas is up for it.Going to the usual place just now, if you fancy a Bermondsey climb I'll be there in 30 mins or so.Let's tie dye all Bunns pants, he loves hippy stuff like that.Even better! He's in the green division, guaranteed promotion.Going for a beer with the Bongo tomorrow, anyone fancy poping round for a sensible couple?.Love that flat! I've got work stuff for a leaving do, might turn up a little tipsy around 11.5k, for the Indian festival of colour.You start off white and get more coloured add you run.I've been lied to! The color run started as a holi thing, but this one isn't on holi which is always in spring. Good comparative religion Bunn.Veto, sounds too loud.On it. Thanks. Your film code for 17 Sep is 28299831. Don't forget you can also get 2for1 at PizzaExpress. Text code costs 35p. Customer care and T&Cs at ee.co.uk/film.Think Addy's there already.I'm just leaving Birmingham.Just tubing from Euston, the anchor still aye?.Terraria. Best game ever.Ooh xconstructor.Not sure if it's on iPhone, but it's awesome.I think that's it, where you build railway bridges and trains go over them. But if you build them badly, everyone dies.Cyclists?.I'm not sure I care about the really. The important thing is it sets the stage for Cornish independence, which is way overdue. *result. They actually have their own currency, take that Scotland.They'll all be deported tomorrow, it'll be a lonely Friday for you!.Whisky prices will go up. It's the only effect on my life I can think of.It won't go down.We're only losing Hoy, and without the superior british bikes and training, he'll dwindle to a hollowed has been.I've felt those thoughts. Normally it goes 'i can just fudge this, no one will ever know' ... 'fuck you past Sam'. [MEDIA] . Happy birthday Teeeeeeg! X.You should do a research project on whether scientists are doing too many research projects.Maaayyyybe x.Someone come answer the buzzer!.My Ookla Speedtest result - Check out my Ookla Speedtest result. What's your speed? http://www.speedtest.net/my-result/a/972167727.Yeyah! Bunn still bring it on down x.I'm glad everyone's on the same page, or limb in Bongo's case. Bad hangovers are bad.Bike secured.We've got ours! Taxi + bike = heaven, I'm always surprised by how chilled those black cabs are about it.Two solid days of awesome, cheers all.Looks slow. Bike seats should be made out of wood only.Up for a scramble tomorrow teeg? Was going to head to Bermondsey, unless you fancy something closer to home? X.Wowza, what a treat after I don't check my phone for 5 minutes. How could it not end well for her!? She's pretty and not afraid to take her clothes off... oh wait....Owning it. Yo T what's the climbing verdict? The bad news is Bermondsey is cheaper and bigger, the good news is it's still hella east to get back from. * easy..Great choice! Remember that you won't want to, but you'll feel great that you did. At least that's me every week.So true! I almost dies once, but now I've got a sweet scar to impress the laydees. [MEDIA] . I can die happy.Stars that hate you. Woo run!.Anyone at the pub? Want pint.You never regret a slime.Only Owen.I don't think he was volunteering....It's owenic. Owen Owen for yes, Owen for no.?.One, and then the other. So pj's  in town! Yay Pj, obviously. We're going to the duke of Argyll near Piccadilly circus for a some sensible drinks and food round the corner. All welcome, people arriving from 6 onwards.Duke of Argyll, just by Piccadilly circus whoop!.Trees!. Yees!.I am! Got me n Addy on the app yesterday.Pretty sure I got a thing, let me check.Boo. Got an email saying application received. You going for a drink?I need a drink.In other news, pictures are coming in from the mars orbiter launched by India.  [MEDIA] . Not even bullshitting, that's mission control.Pubs called the arc, good pizza, but expensive though, there's the spoons if one fancy turns up?.'Mazing, got caught up, be there in 10.Try and get an outdoors seat, I want to smoke and drink beer.Flip mode,, to the castle!. Doors open at 7, gig starts at 8.Pen.I'm in, sign me up for 1/5 of a monkey.I've learnt that if you're blind, it's all hot.I started saying omg like an American schoolgirl to be edgy and ironic, after a week I was just talking like an American schoolgirl.Got no plans at the mo, Kriz' crazy friend from Mexico is over got the weekend, might find then for a drink later.Where do you want?. I'm about ready to leave the house!.Can we all come join shaggy? Isn't it date night or something?.Woo! Threesome time!.Word.Just getting on at c town.You at the outside shaggy?.Nice one, couldn't see y'all!.Ah wait, I'm in totally the wrong place! Brt.Good job! I guess that's before the coloring?.We're through round 1, having meat naps currently. Addy's left us some homemade burgers if you fancy one.You were in our hearts. What happened?.Sorry to do a Hannah guys but....  [MEDIA] .Hehe 'climbing'. I'm really intrigued, might pop along and see what my id gets me into.I've never been on a roller coaster, feels a little strange to make it to 28 and then pop my cherry.Great bant-ccountancy Owen, thanks. And the 10% credit means you actually get money back for getting dividend income, it's to encourage poor people to invest in the market, which I find weird on a few levels.I love itsu! The rare salmon steak is one of my all time favorite work lunches.Sooo... my band's playing tonight. Anyone fancy a drink a little later? Islingtons a bit out of the way but maybe a Tuesday George catchup session?. EMOJI[1f481] .I changed the bouncer's perception of homoerotica. Nohomo.That's about it really. Had no tickets, chatted with the bouncer, turns out he's a really nice guy who loves my milkshake. Free tickets for everyone.You'd just complain that the chicken burritos have actual chicken in, nothing like the burritos back home. And the cameras too shaky :p. Trying to organise with Pj as well, Chico banditos sounds good!.Address?.Sex13B. Is there a bar with low standards? Would be nice to find an alternative to the George.Pretty good post climbing though!.Minimal. Looks like dinner with Pj and feriel, Bunns organising.Hello everybody. Pj is feeling fragile, like a lady flower. So we're heading over to get dinner near there's. Gees in town for today and tomorrow, notes your chance to come see him yaaaaay!. Dinner at wahaca near shaftesbury av for any who feel like it, I'm going to try and get Waggs sister involved as well.Don't think so.Everyone that counts.Come box park Han, it's 3 mins stagger for you x.Come box park v...? X.I don't get it.You're drunk and cycling, how are you doing this?. 0th, to stick with the programmer thing. Anyone got a firm Brixton plan? POW at 9?.Haha excellent work Vinay. 7 letters, all we need. You guys still at the ship?.@ship. Cycling.That sounds hilarious, can't wait to hear more!. I'm in west Hampstead, heading back for about 2 though if that's any good.Yeyah!.Hey option though, there's a little Oktoberfest thing by island gardens I might go to, near canary wharf. Anyone like beer and Germans?.I'm at 50%, gotta get home and do some stuff first, maybe a bit later on though.Ok, but there better be beer and wenches!. Anyone know what the Aussies are up to?.Sounds like a regret filled night all round! How was A skills?.C town! Get over here big j. Bj.Let's never forget the egg pizza. Flat 2 Owen. On the corner when you turn right out of Sainsburys. Get bacon.  [MEDIA] .Going climbing tonight, anyone around for post-exercise beers?.8ish.Be my pleasure.But of a strange one... Anyone know how I check what degree I have? Pretty sure it's ba in maths and philosophy but I actually don't know. I'm worried if I have to ask the uni they'll take it away....Maybe at home, I'm not really a believer in paper though.Pretty sure I lied on them, I think I'm going to have to ask mum!.I've escaped! Take that Stuttgardians.Never met anyone do keen on being a filthy scrounger!. You're an inspiration to me brother.Haha is that a thing? To make sure the job seeker is wearing clean underwear?.Can you get the Aussies to stay around got the cleaner tomorrow?.Two beers in, catch up Stuttgart.Only for women and children. And gurly men. [MEDIA] .No rice? They're holding back.Who's that ugly guy on the right?. [MEDIA] .  [MEDIA] . Two quid a pint. I  EMOJI[1f49c]  spoons.I list count, it's around 8 tough. Stuttgart?.She looks mad hungover.Congrats on the award Hannah! I always knew you were the gingest!. What's up with that cigar? Looks pretty herbal.Personally, I'm glad. I didn't fear for my life enough cycling in the sunshine.. Speaking of fearing for your life, I'm going to Thorpe park 1st November, anyone want to come? Might be able to get 40% off.Is it this Saturday? Think I've got maximum geek party this weekend.Holy shit that made me lol.Hey who's hungry? Any food at ours?.  [MEDIA] .I'd be interested in joining if you find something Dave, I've always wondered what Kriz is saying.I got on really well with duolingo, really fun way to learn some basics, I feel like a commitment now would help a lot though.She's a bit molesty as a teacher, you probably want to study somewhere public.50p.They look bigger than my fist.We've been cultivating just that for 4 years now.Sooooo my spotify removed all the downloaded songs because it was signed in to 5 devices... anyone using it on their phone?. You can tell because the first 3 playlists are all the strokes. EMOJI[1f631] .I have a thing tonight, round II tomorrow?.Maybe we can combine some things to make a super thing!.Kings x any good for you teeg? I'm there just now if you fancy. For the future, there's a decent bar with two for one on everything on work days if anyone can manage the trek.I thought maybe Kriz had jacked your phone for awhile. But then they'd be a beeeeeaaaaaaauuuuutiful EMOJI[1f38a]  EMOJI[1f38a]  EMOJI[1f389]  EMOJI[1f389]  EMOJI[1f38a]  EMOJI[1f38a]  person.Is that a wax hand?. I think that's a wax hand.What're everyone's plans? I'm feeling a geeky night in is in order for anyone who wants to join.Beers and a movie. Maybe some worms Armageddon.Uh not really, there's the couch?. I guess she can have Phil's bed, you guys can bunk up with Mike............Couch seems less infected than before. Slept here couple of nights ago and I've got like 5 bites max.You got a birthday or something?.Who the fuck is Chris!? Tonight keeps getting more deranged. I shoulda just gone and got smashed in a pub. Instead, shaggy I'm sorry about your brandy.It was all about bloody Mary's today, I made one that almost melted my face.You can do it from anywhere it goes overground, so cycle to baker street or something. Not the dlr though, I got stung like that once.https://www.tfl.gov.uk/cdn/static/cms/documents/bicycle-tube-map.pdf.Ms fuchter again. I'm starting to think it's intentional.Sweet windows, congrats.Get him a coffee and a razor, he'll be right.Everything there is is on reddit. And some things that isn't.That's how this works Mike.One person gets it, then other people get it. Then there's more than one person on it.To the bedroom bar!.Haha too true. See you in five T.Does most of your work happen through your face?.Bedroom bar!. Invite O as well.He that shalt not be named must be getting lonely and in need of #cuddles.Relay is better than whatsapp.Hehe thanks shag :). Going for a quick bite with V then drink somewhere near Soho, fancy it?. Could come bridge if people there.Uh, V?.I am the night. The topless, mooby night. Probably Kentish town and northern to Tottenham court.It's nice, but they're out of beer. Come over anytime dude, we'll be around.Arrrrrr.We call it The Street, in green and shame.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5152479,-0.1355604. Brgr co right now. Sun cotton in a bit.The Sun & 13 Cantons - The Sun & 13 Cantons. . http://goo.gl/maps/x1jR4.Heathen pub. We're at the bar, where eryone at?.Study that biz man, who knows when the knowledge of homer's middle name will save your life.That's an awesome team page. You and Joel smashed it.Should be a couple of pandas kicking around ours, I think on top of my wardrobe, anyone's welcome.It's.... beautiful.Shaggy.... [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] .OWEN!.He's so good! And so nerdy! There's hope for me yet....Google have a bunch of neat little animations on the search page, made me smile.Turtley awesome.God father Dave.I'm on it already no worries.Took me ages to see the eyes in that last one.Can't believe she's lasted so long. Even through bin-gate, and this Saturday's binge fest.£50 and a bag full of nails.That's the only thing keeping the mould at bay..... well could he?.Hahaahahahah.Aww yeah!. Drinking time. I'm heading to the George, all welcome from 7 onwards.You should, Pete Morey and my old Lucy are coming.Haha, she still here? Tell her me n Kriz are there, she'll come over for sure.I'm tipsy and playing computer games, fair warning.Also all these babes just turned up, probably because we took our shirts off.Not sure, maybe 1h?. Come round, we're getting an Uber so it'll basically be free. [MEDIA] .That's got to be an all time record for Colchester. Most matches won consecutively.Yep, 1 match winning streak. Break out the cava and crab sticks Joe!.What does that mean? Seems kind of small for a picture.I'm in for movies tomorrow, Monday night needs a little shot of fun!.It is. According to Kriz.I'm totally climbing Tuesday, well in for tomorrow though. Can we see how next to each other we are? Pairs would be ok.Where's rich mix?.The horde, always.Sounds like Tuesday's the winner, tickets still available?.I'm in. I think that brings us up to 3 Sam's though, you buying all Marth? Or book and let us know seats?.I'm easy, but there's a cheap Tuesday thing at cineworlds.£6, but a bit more hassle to get to, call it Marty B x.Thought it was a super racist headline in first glance, I'm much happier at the thought of ninja terrorist Mike.Beer before? I'm free around 7.The Shakespeare at 7? It's just by barbican station, and serves kozel.It's delicious and you know it.It's weird, I really enjoyed maybe 9/10 of it, but felt cheated by the end.Could've done with subtitles.I liked the barbican centre though, felt like we were running through a Kafka novel to get there.Hahaha I'd forgotten that! Full points for rustling bunny!. [MEDIA] .*did. I wonder if text typos are improving humanity's lateral thinking. It's like every fifth message is a little logic puzzle.'stock prices rose dramatically on the news that Mike Jones, the infamous data analyst, was leaving the company'.Now I've got push it to the limit stuck in my head.What's up drongos.We're going to need some introductions, is the Aussie party coming to Hannah's tonight?.Huzzah! To the pub?.Reads like a Renee zellweger film.I've heard st Paul's is pretty kicking this time of night.Drank lots of beer yesterday. It was a good day