Sup most of y'all- any plans for eating tonight? Should I rustle up something general?.Fraid not- Dave's ma is taking us to see some piano guy. God I'm cultured. Catch you afters to move all our clothes from your lounge though.Not sure. That's what makes me so cultured. I could have signed up to anything..Whose a-hippin and a-hoppin tonight? Plans gor meets and eats?.Good is good.. I would imagine our pre-gig and your post-pint drinks will not converge. Probably should have used the other thingy. Doh..I think, on reflection, that we shouldn't have gone for more beer.I think you've summed it up there.Blark.Penitence. That is all..Hope you didnt book us tickets- we can't make it due to a prior engagement. Please give our love to Cate..Sounds lush. Enjoy chica x.You know what would save Christmas? Muppet's Christmas Carol. Tonight. 9pm. Prince Charles cinema..But it will be small. I want big.. And shame on you,  Bunn! Thought I could count on you to make it out of C town!. Though it's not raining here..Fair enough y'all- merry house xmas all round :).Merry Christmas! Yaaaay!.Would be great to come round for Christmas themed fun afters. Also, I need to have a shower. Yay?.Sounds festive. I have your hoodie, it's winging it's way back to you.Yes.  With bells on..Awesome. Awesome to the max.Do you still have enough tickets, Dave?.And tom?.Ah, ok,  I thought he could.  Sorted.  X.I'm about to leave work- head for Leicester Square? Any plausible pub recommendations round there?.Which ones'at then?.Dave suggested the porcupine.  The weather is gross so all pubs will be rammed. I just arrived.  Will go a-sploring..I had to explore some dumplings. So hungry!.Merry Christmas motherfuckers! Eheheheheh! (That is the noise of a girl doing a machine gun noise). Xx.It's beautiful, Phil.  Merry Christmas, Everingham! Xx.All good this end-woke up drunk today and went to monkey world. Who could ask for more? Catch y'all next week x.If anyone is looking for something to stare at tonight, Sightseers is on Film 4- brilliant.Merry Owen, Owen!.Ha!.Hmmmmmmm, it had less laughs than I remembered....Dark, Mike. Dark..Is Shaggy at all enlightened?.Might bugger up the trains. Sorry, bug up the trs.Point taken- it's not really the weather for a walk.  Let's visit the sea in the spring time..Awww, Marth, you're such a poet! I'm easy either way x.Do you guys really not fancy it?.Better suggestions please- on the facebook page If possible,  to keep Chris in the loop.Where are you Cate? I haven't eaten yet either, so we could grab something around there..Waah. But also, ossum..Be there in a jiffy, petal.Ha!.Home safe, Lize?.All seemed ok this afternoon, O. So it's back to watching TV as usual :).Yay! Happy new year and big love to you all.  X.Does anyone find they've got an extra phone charger after the festivities? A white Samsung one?.Daaaaw, some time the party gotta end... We'll probably be back tomorrow!.Charger located. Good eyes, Marth x.I'm a-going out into the storm....... the storm is over. Dry January starts on the 5th. .. It's gonna be so wholesome. Or Phil and I might take up crack....Are you surprised because of my obvious alcoholism? Yeah, Dave and I thought we'd give it a bash. The worst we can do is fail and end up in a downward spiral of alcohol dependency.  Which sounds like some fun!.Let's get into exotic juices.  Or world teas.. Or we can revert to teenagedom and hang out in arcades..Phil, if you dress like that all the way through January, I think we might just make it.Anyone up for a drink after work? I want to celebrates my imminent immunity to yellow fever.It's an acute haemorrhagic viral disease, Bunn.  Duhh.. Get well soon, Marth xx.Cba to use ws?.Words. Sorry, was that not clear?.Mmmmmmm.... grilled cheese sandwich....I'm out- poisoned by Wetherspoons last night :( - I was looking forward to that sandwich. ...Hint: in a break from routine, it's the same colour as my left sock.Can we join you for the movie? Might pass on the take away, I'm on a cream cracker diet.Are you talking cinema or home times?.Depends on the Dave,  he's a little under the weather. .. Will report back.Radio silence from Dave. We also need to factor the laundrette into our plans... Yours?.It's going to be harsh... But yes..Beautiful!.His Hobbes is especially awesome. I can't not say this. .. In case anyone was wondering, business class is the bomb! Sorry dry January,  this champagne is free! FREE!.Sorry guys. I reckon if also be the first to go in a horror film situation. So it's only fitting.It's a blip. Not a slide down an icy January slope. Into a pit of beer..Emphatically both.(It was only a small glass of champagne). I get a frickin menu. But its probably the same food.You know me so well! But I have avoided that temptation x. To Nairobi, for business and pleasure :). [MEDIA] . #elephantselfie.Och, it's actually perfect. I'm sitting out having dinner in shorts.. It probably closer to 30 here today,  but still cool in the shade.Yummers.Teeth for pubes.  Otherwise you'd have to develop a whale-like method of eating which would be awkward at dinner parties..Good question Hannah. Touching on deep and important issues..Are they set in, so that pube maintenance would literally be pulling teeth? I sort of imagined then jangling about.That tk maxx sucks. It's all 'business'.Ha.Nah,  it makes more sense if it's everyone.Otherwise theres no rationale for it happening at all.You'd probably develop some kind of defense.Like an armadillo. Is also negative banter.Beautiful.Agreed.Always having hair in your mouth might be one of the worst feeling things.Blerk.Important stuff, man. Tooth pubes.That's how I was picturing it, Mike. Kinda tribal.Recommend you get on that early and get free ones from your gp- private travel clinic jabs are expensive (underlined). No one needs plague.I did - 2 jabs was £160. Yeesh..Schweeeeeeet.Whose coming for dinner on Saturday pre- next men?  Etheopian food, yum yum yum.Cool. I have 2 tickets for next men. One might be for Dave, but if not it's free..Ok, 2 spares.  Doh!.That would be just about perfect location wise... I'll check 'im out.Thanks Bunn. I didn't even want an animal. So shut up...... Octopus!.Shags, any more deets about this restaurant near Russell square? I can't find anything appropriate.Yes, I couldn't find it. Ah well, a walk after dinner will prepare us for boogies..Ok lucky people, I have booked for 16 at Kokeb, off Caledonian Rd, at 7.30 on Saturday.  Let's see what happens. ...Good choice.By the by, I couldn't find my sailor's hat when I left c town this morning. Which was a shame as I wanted to wear it. If you come across it,  do let me know..I forged my week on the understanding that I was going to see Leo tomorrow.  I want that one.. Also can't do Wednesday.Looking for a likely burger on the wharf. .. byron gets all the reviews. But is Super expensive.Also dave had some ulterior motive for not going. Other option is GBK, which is not at all original. But is full of food.Plenty of time for votes and debate throughout the afternoon.Earlier showing is best- can people make 6.30 for dinner? Advantage of the wharf is the cheap tuesday which I am keen to take advantage of.I agree. With Lize. Hard to agree with Owen here. That is to say, not eating before a 3 hour movie will make me cross. Meet at 6? I'm going to vote GBK because the veggie selection at byron looks half arsed, but I could be persuaded by the pain of others for Scottish meat.  If it were a thing..Useful stuff, guys..Cool. See you there at 6.15 ish?.Sounds right- catch you soon.Anyone else eating?.I really liked it. I laughed heartily as di Caprio got fucked up and commited fraud. Thumbs up..It's a bromance, no?.Any fun planned this evening?.How would it be if I finished my frustrating work, came over and cooked something even better than a kebab, and then stared at your tv?. Obviously the plan would still work if you really wanted a kebab.Me too. And I'm bored.  Pretty sure I've stopped learning now.. I'm going to head of to prepare noodle soup a la kebab :).We're going to head out and meet Cate when she arrives for a pre dance drink.  Probs not til 8.30-9 though.A delicate decision....I feel bad for failing dry january. But beer helps me to forget..Slam, where did you go?. Are you meeting cate for a drink? We were gonna come with....It's well worth seeing, Shaggy-i laughed a lot, and it didn't seem like 3 hours.Theres a bit where he takes so much of some kind of sedative that he goes straight to cerebral palsy phase- I think you'd relate ;). I was pointing that comment at Shaggy. As I feel was clear from my perfect syntax.Meaningless,  but perfectly formed.  EMOJI[1f451] . In other news, our engine started! Whoop!.I am so brave.I don't need to prove how hard I am. I just feel it, y'know?.I love paying my taxes - really feels like I'm giving something back. #paidbyDfID.Ha.Yay for Ukraine! Baby steps..It's a start I guess.  The beeb say no barricades will move until the president steps down. Excellent protesting..New Coen brothers film tonight?  Whose on orange?.Thank you Slam.Either good for me. If we go to the late one we can eat first. Mmmm... eat. Do we have a fourth person?.Poifect.Sweet.Lots of people, especially rural,  become citizens of nowhere that way.  Sad..Yeeeaahh.Except you'd mainly be playing epic guitar solos in border control cells. They'd still be epic, obviously.I wonder how long it will take for those 4 million songs to get one hit each.Boo! I definitely need some beer. Sigh. Old street still?.Sounds good.On me way,  see you in 5.Yeeah- I beat you here. Quit working so hard!.You tour that ski, man!.I can't believe you couldn't be bothered to make your own coleslaw!. Slackers.Pretty!. What plans for tonight? Burgers? Or delicious home cooked dinner in c town?.Hey guys, can someone help me out with the wifi settings in c town- I have the IP address but not the rest. Don't make me go to the office!.Hero! Thanks x.You guys have a little mouse. He is very sweet, but should probably live somewhere else.. Or as Owen would say,  EMOJI[1f42d] ..I vote for Bongo's idea. Then Bunn and Dave's.Maybe we should keep it,  and put a waistcoat on it,  and pet it and pet it and pet it?.That was a terrible sorry.  If mice had a bible, that mouse would almost certainly be jesus..Dave doesn't live dairy tales..Does this mean there is no plan?.Jubilee line is running between stratford and waterloo every 5 mins..Where you wanna go?. On the Northern line?. Northern line is good.DLR isn't on strike. I'm not sure they have ticket offices.I know,  right?  Who needs people.. What time are you heading over,  Slam?.Birthday means slack day.See you in an hour or so.What plan is there tonight? When will people be arriving in Dalston?.Shudder. Must I booze again??.That's the spirit.I'm not ready yet :(.Similar I think.Love y'all a lot. Good birthday, Sam. I'm super glad you were born.  X.I can't even begin to fathom what that means! But it sounds beautiful..Very excited about this,  owen. Guys, I heard some terrible hippies left clothes,  hats and ukeleles all over your house- can we come over to tidy up after them please?.I like the ooooh bit best. How's about it Mike? What plans?.Fun. I fancy a film and a beer. Compliance?.Happy birthday,  Bunn! What time should I be heading to shoreditch?.Poifect.Whoop whoop!.You guys still at ripstop. Road trip?.I took a load of pictures, but it turns out it was really dark in there.  [MEDIA] . This one's kind of good..You are a poet. And possibly also a child molester..I recognise that dark shape. I think we'll bow out tonight, Bunny- my overdraft and wish to drink cocktails in front of an open fire prevent it. Love something for us x.Having a national day dedicated to booze does suggest a certain relationship with alcohol. Like the irish.Yay! New life!.I've given up.  Going home..funny valentines pictures - Google Search - https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=funny+valentines+pictures&oq=funny+valentines&aqs=chrome.3.69i57j5j0l2&client=ms-android-hms-tef-gb&sourceid=chrome-mobile&espv=1&ie=UTF-8#biv=i%7C17%3Bd%7C4uBkG05MQeSIUM%3A. Turns out I can't share things.I mainly wanted to point or how American it is to group trotsky and lenin with the rest of these despots. Instead I failed. Waah.Well I couldn't get a single thing right could I. I feel humbled, but also,  wiser.Glad you had a good one.  After Marth's comment we were quite worried you'd forked out for a date with some bloke in Nigeria.Eek.Hashtag I wish trade associations had half term.So useful!. I might be a bit late. .. What are the timings?.No wanna pay for 8 mins of class- you'll find me in the bar.Yes. Well demonstrated.  EMOJI[1f451] .Fajitas in c town? Beer?  Plan?  Boom?.Smashing.Leaving the chancery now..Dave, can you get some fajita veg? X.On my way- does the plan hold?.We're in .... a place.  Near here. Down a side street.. Dragon bomb?.Dragon something. Dragon bar?. Dragon bomb. Dragon vault?.whereabouts?.Don't leave me! These guys are cycling home.But Sam bought beer.Wha?.Yes but soon. Go cocktail!.Where? ?. Don't be a nah,  Mike?. Be a yah!.I see davw. Dave look to the windows.I heard it's even better if you see it next week when Tegan is at home. How's Eliza doing?.Sunny! Although i'll be spending the next 4 days in a set of aircraft hangers so won't feel the benefit until the weekend.Microsoft pretending to be hippies. I know their game.  [MEDIA] .Ach, it's a'ight.  I'm thinking of it like a corporate Glastonbury..Nice elephant god :). Hope y'all are having a ball xx.Heathen :).Yeah! Lego! Is there an Orangey cinema anywhere more central than the wharf?.Thats quite early.It's probably not very long- we can always eat after.We'll follow you, Mike. Thanks for the pics, boys- good to see your tanned, happy looking work shy faces. Wagg: best place you've peed outside in India?.I expected nothing l less!. See you at 6.30, Mikey. Yes, I an calling you Mikey now.Anyone not coming whose on orange?.I can't be the first one? Slackers!.For a fleeting moment I thought this was bum or elbow.Load s. All the sorts.Not in a Lego movie it ain't.Wow. You realise this thread is now being monitored by operation yew tree?.I want to say 'lol'.Welcome home c town massive! We will come and hear your awesome tales tomorrow evening, I guess. So you only need to stay awake for 36 more hours. LOVE xx.You don't even look a bit ridiculous!.Bbq sounds right- o&e, grant museum in the morning then veggie burger fest?.Hackney Central? Or am I thinking of somewhere else?.That place was cool, but if I remember right, all the sun was on the wrong side of the canal.We're running a little lazy today-how about 1 o clock?.Bongo was suggesting barbeque- I believe he had the will but not the outside space. Fancy hitting a museum/park then hooking up with everyone to hear their awesome yarns?. Apparently regents park has a sculpture park.Sugges. tions?.Sounds good y'all.I think we're going to picnic in regents park - I'm afraid we're going to be a bit later than planned guys,  sorry- we'll meet you there for lunch around 2? In the southern part near great portland street. Then we'll all convene for yarns later on.Whoop! I love it when a plan comes together. Good work Hannah. There's some charming pubs around primrose hill.  And chalk farm/camden is just down the road. You'll get your pub,  Slam.Hey O&E, we just got off the rail replacement bus. Might be a bit later. .. do head to the park if you find yourselves waiting around.I would like to see that. Give us a when and a where.Yup, I'm easy. Later might be better.What time dinner? What location pub?.Sounds sorta good. Anyone out earlier.Nice.More like an hour now maybe.Doh- missed the boat.That's my plan.I literally did.  Sorry.. EMOJI[1f44d] .Can you ascertain whether dave wants me to order for him? I can't get through to his telephone. We're in la tasca.It was good. When is The Phil going to be back in my life? What's happening? ?.Yeah, shurttup Bongo. Fancy lunch tomorrow by the way? In a vertical silo?. Any plans ce soir? Given the void late Phil has left in my evening?. First @ bongo,  second @ world. Dang, I am communicating today.Cheers.Dibs on bongo's monkey uncle. Sorry.Monkey's uncle.Slam, how was the j'interview?.It'll take more than two stones to get that camel through the eye of the beerholder. As bongo would say.Beer somewhere anyone?.At work still. I'm just giving a few minutes to Wills.10 mins?.Yeah m. In the albino. Albion.Jiminy whillickers, Batshag!.Good point.Phil- is some kind of feast on offer this evening?.Second.On my way back,  wineladen.General wooting. Also-I'm probably going to be an hour- does that fit in with Phil's plans, Slam?.Schwert. X. [MEDIA] . Awwww.If you hit the settings buttom on your phone, you can leave groups through the 'group info' tab. It was fleeting, wagg. But it was sweet.I'm in a bar in haggerston of you care to join. Canal side, nice aspect.I'm working for now, so I'm here for the long haul- no point in leaving as it's so close to islington.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5367737,-0.0784776. Wills and I are here.Yay brunch and board games! See you tomorrow, xx.We'll be on our way post wash, though x.Yeah, what can we bring ?. [MEDIA] . Work problem. Trying to import csv data into postgres- tried changing postgres encoding- do I need to do something to the csv file?. Answers on a postcard please.How would I go about finding out about the byte code?.This is where my basic lack of computing ability comes into the fore! I will try. Yes I can!.Sorry bunny, won't take long I'm sure- but asking these guys seemed like so much of a better option than asking the in house it support, who would spit at me and tell me they could do it next week.I have some:. [MEDIA] . Sad to it was excel, O.(You guys are heroes).I did the same process with another excel csv and it worked a charm.No, there is a problem with this one. [MEDIA] .The file is in French so contains accents- looking at. Stackoverflow etc I thought that might be messing stuff up...?.Looking at it in notepad there aren't any commas around null values. [MEDIA] . [MEDIA] . Blank here.Don't worry, it's not very confidential. So header file ticked and utf8 encoding?.Both give the same error as before.Trans_customer is the table I'm importing into... so there's nothing there yet....I'll check my table defs. Whole table.Good point- some of the character ones do. .. I don't know if it's got as far as reading those though. Ok.Good detdctive work y'all- would I do that when I save?.Ok,  I'm hoping to have a play.I am in office 13, and I don't seem to have options when I export. Stoopid microsoft taking away my autonomy.Oh. Then clever Microsoft..Thanks anyway guys-I'll owe you a pint for the half hour of work time I just stole from you.Poor owen. Feel better.Sorry Hannah- in future I will open up another link for my database needs. #humbled.No can do, bruva- I'm offski.Passport recovered, leaving underway. I have once again arrived at Heathrow early to find that there is nothing in my pay bracket to distract me.  Grue. Still, dinner on its way- let the expensing commence! X.My passport was in Belgium! Fail. But all sorted now.. Tonight we fly.I'm going to Mali after I'm done in Tanzania, for which I belatedly realised I needed a visa. Their closest embassy is in Belgium, so I sent my passport of last week... But failed to book a return courier. #businessnoob. [MEDIA] . So much for my working holiday :(.On my way, captain!.Whoop!.Hanging with my farm boys. [MEDIA] .Respect the swans,  yo. He can break your neck with a single blow of his nose. Or something.Yes.My breakfast table view. Sorry. Couldn't resist.. [MEDIA] .That IS lol. Good work boys.Poa, my friend- in a beachside hotel in dar es salaam working our little socks off! Back to the field (literally) tomorrow to meet some new farmers.  [MEDIA] . Look familiar? :).near the end of my stay, I realise I'm sleeping in sector 7G. Today I will be hunting for the emergency donut.  [MEDIA] .Daaaaaaw, don't say it! This is my 8th day on the trot working- I've never felt less Homeresque...I don't know what to do with it!.Marth, are you not on the geek group?. That must be remedied.Mike, sort a lady out. Geekify!. [MEDIA] . First day off my long weekend. Of. [MEDIA] .Oops.  Bag recording..Just confirming that, as I suspected, there was nothing going on in there. Nothing at all.Sterling effort, O.No, sorry.  Just genuinely impressed.. I wrote 'lol' at first. r.@bunn second.That was my hat.It was a silly hat.Yours abandonned in the park, or yours on your head? I am very much on favour of the second option. In.Sweet. Go with my blessing. And your hat :). Mike, you are an evil genius. Respect. I miss you guys.Tumbleweed.Tonight, I fly. Today I sit and try to summon the energy.I am pro eu because I fully dig passing through Borders with no problems. Liberte! Egalite! Fraternite!. (No accents, sorry French).It feels like the closest thing to idealism which we still have a commitment to.Waaaah.Weather says wet.... Also our skin tanks have burst a bit. Dave, status report? X.Cruising potential for Sunday? If fixed?.I WANNA WATCH RAID 2.Hey y'all, what's happening today? I feel the need to gaze upon some of your pretty faces..Dinner somewhere?.A bit of Bach sounds splendid- where will she be shaking it?. Any plans for this evening, by the way,  y'all?.2 people taken ill on trains on my way to work this morning... zombie apocalyse?.I hate to jinx it, but. ... Boating on the Friday?.Sounds wicked. It'll be busy for a while though.I was hoping for Louis CK.I may join for an orange juice.Give my love to Niall when you see him.Lol. Hope some of you were polite enough not to go without us- anyone want to see it next week?. When's the Phil back?.Woohoo!. [MEDIA] . Like. [MEDIA] . You bet your ass it is!. We are making wake!.Sorry.  [MEDIA] .He's wearing his finglonger. Thanks :) would like to cordially invite you guys to join us next Friday- greenford to kensal rise. We will provide the beer.. Or at least some of it..We too :D.Awww, y'all are awesome :D.Pretty!.On my way- anything else required?.Is anyone coming for a boat ride tomorrow? Starting point is greenford, the black horse, about noon- we have from for 3 more. That's assuming o & e are in. If not we can take 5.We should get to kensal rise around 4-5. Plan is to Stoke up a barbeque when we get there.Kritz you would be so welcome! Seems like there's a Brighton plan on the other line.Boating is go- come at 12 for lunch, feel free to bring something yummy to share. We'll drop you off at kensal rise well before 6.Brighton sounds great- don't worry slam, plenty of enticing boat days to come :).Ossum sauce. 2 places left....I was going to ask the same!.Yeah, we'll pop over for a few- going to have an early one though.Second. Hannah and Shaggy- are you a yes for boating with a hangover? If not we have two other eager boaters chomping at the bit. ...Coolio- catch you guys later. Though if you're planning vomiting in advance, should you plan to do it in something nicer than a bin?.I gotta get out of here-i have no brain left!. Anyone else quitting early?.No ideas. I think I'll grab a post work beverage with these guys- then shoreditch wards?.Is it big meat Monday tonight? Or will it be tasty Tuesday tomorrow?.Sounds grand- but Dave's ma and pa will be round today so we're unlikely to make it.  I'll come and steal it on a memory stick I guess. Enjoy the sunshine :).I meant the show- I do like the concept though... remember to remember something hilarious that I said. x.Oh, Bunny-personal Thank you for telling my manager I was glad to have her back to, quote, clean up the mess I'd made. I felt like reeeeeaaaal pro! X.I told her you were paraphrasing- but if you'd seen the look of panic in her eyes. .. :).We're going on holiday tomorrow, early flight, so we need to get good and drunk Tomintoul. Tonight. Anyone coming for a drink with Cate near London Bridge?. In about half an hour.Where to shaggy?.On my way- don't know where we're going though. Could just grab one nearby while Shaggy gets his act together.Phil said he won't be arriving until late on Tuesday.Dunno- but the venerable Phil suggested that he wouldn't be back in time on Tuesday. We're on our way back shortly- get the barbie on?.Are you at home, Mike?.I'll come and keep you company in an hour or so.GODZIRRA!. HYAAAH!. By which I mean, yes dave. Can we have 2 please.Brain gone.  Any motivating post work plans knocking about?.I don't know what that is. .. But I do know my feets is getting itchy....Bongo, whassup? I'm heading now. By which I mean, do you fancy having a drink round here while these guys group source a decision?.Works for me. It is an area of distinctly average pubs though. Mostly owned by the Northern beer mangate Sam Smith. Whose rubbish beer is no longer even any cheaper than anyone else's. So I'm happy to travel :).No decisiins have been made. Where's easy for you and me?.Kings cross.Back packers ba. Yr.Looking forward to seeing you guapa- it's been to long xx. Too.I'm at the backpackers bar next to King's Cross- waiting for some people to get here so I can use my card to pay my bill.Ohhh... Tomorrow evening.Gig sounds good Marth... I'm afraid we have another birthday dinner to go to in the evening, but might join you afters perhaps.Wander up greys inn road and grab a pint at the backpacker bar. We're on the rooooof.Can you bring slam a guuiness?.Lol. More greek god cursing please.Mike- I have your hoodie. It is warm..By Athena's breast!.Cats can't be surgeons!. Silly.Mmmmmmpie. Yo slam- what is the branding on your vapour tool guy? Why is it better than cheaper ones?. EMOJI[1f417]  EMOJI[1f43c]  EMOJI[1f41d]  EMOJI[1f41b]  EMOJI[1f419] . Happy birthday O!.  EMOJI[1f41c]  EMOJI[1f331]  EMOJI[1f425]  EMOJI[1f31e] . EMOJI[1f3a9]  EMOJI[1f331]  EMOJI[1f425]  EMOJI[1f31e] !. Got it. The plant is a pea.O&E, where you at?.Let's watch last week's again. (I haven't seen it).I want to have fun. Let's have fun. I have work drinks for a bit.  But then I'm in.I'll join you in bits wiggles. I'm not going to work drinks. Work drinks can stuck it. Suck.On my way.I was quite surprised at my decision... Most unlikeme to turn down free booze.  I must be getting paid to much..Trumpets are good. Period. Where are you dave?.That sounds whack. I disapprove.Sorry we can't make it.  Is cat going home next week?.Yeah. Plans for a boatride on Monday if it's not to rainy- would be ace to see you if you haven't got plans.  Is the course over? Did you ace it?.Well done petal, very proud! We're off to Dorset ready for a wedding tomorrow- have a lovely night, catch you next week xx. Yes Bongo, that is weird.Ere mike- what podcast should I do listen to?.Choose several of it helps. I will pick arbitrarily by the one with the best name. Or alphabetically.Thanks guys.Thank the Lord.Boat trip tomorrow if anyone fancies. It's going to rain in the afternoon so well probably leave quite early but can pick you up along the tow path somewhere if you fancy it.  Destination mile end. Max capacity probably about 8. X.I think we'll probably get off about 9-10 - do feel free to join us further down though.  Bong, it looks like it's going to be a fairly miserable afternoon.. Will there still be barbeque?.Rappin'. Rappin'. Rap. Rap. Rappin'.I imagine you are that excited every morning :).No worries Henry- this boosting Lark will become so regular add to be boring throughout the summer.  I hope you have recovered- sorry we couldn't make your birthday.  See you soon I hope. X. Naaah, Dave's gone to the shops, so we're still in the spot he pinged yesterday. Let me know your eta. Bring rain stuff :(.Hmmmmm.... coffee is delicious :). We have some stuff for lunch.It is wet. Did the car bend you at all?.Glad you're ok, dude x. Kritz, ours is the green boat before the humpback bridge. About 3 boats down. If you get to sainsburys you've gone too far.We're going exploring around camden. Then to ctown..I want headphones that play silence. Then I will know I live in the future.Noise cancelling headphones cancel out amvient noise when you're playing music. I just want them to play silence. Deafening silence. Arthur c clarke wrote about it many years ago and they still haven't been invented. Sci fi fail.What plans Thursday and Friday, lovely?.Yes please x.Good point  O. Our that album of historic silences. On loop..Or knows anyone who would like. Ah yes- Phil, I have your mr scruff ticket. I also have one spare if anyone else would like.Saturday. 2-midnight. Is it a deal?.That's the lady you need to pay.God today is long.YOU'RE TEARING ME APART!!. Sorry. I'm going to lb tonight because it makes most sense, but I will seek you out tomorrow, Catrin. Wherever you are.Also I'm going to be early because I couldn't stay at work any longer.There is no signal in this pub. I'm here!. Sitting on a bench outside.We are by the river down the side of the pic. Pub.You can't have a horde of eight. Even 24 is a bit sparse.Rubbish horde. Lovely group of people.http://www.wageningenur.nl/en/Expertise-Services/Research-Institutes/lei/show/Significantly-fewer-pigs-castrated-over-the-past-five-years.htm. Best headline I've seen in a whole. While. I like my job :).It's an agile role :).Doing some post workshop networking there shags.Even if we keep calling them a cunt?.Bunn and I both prefer to use several message. Instead of one. Which could skew results.Well that makes sense. Tell us Mike!.Is it one of the original hoard members?.Do pictures count?.Do pictures of boobs count twice?.I'm going with sam or Bunn. Though I'm feeling pretty noisy right now.Awesome.It seems kind of an unfair race - who had done most taking on average since they started contributing?.Like.You will be needed asap. For fun and things. Cat, are you coming?.When Mike does the analysis I suspect we'll find that oberyn's head exploding is one of the most impudent events in the history of the horde. Or indeed in our lives. [MEDIA] . Check out who is supporting the Richard Hamilton exhibition.Tickled me.Starts at 10 v. And it's just round the corner from homeserve. Which we have identified for stalking purposes.from now on I will mainly be saying Pimpmobile. Pimpmobile.Hey Friday lunchtime rabble, any fun plans for tonight?. It is super sunnilicious.Yes boy.What's awkward?.Are you coming for park and wine, Franks?.Awww bless her- give her my love.. If she's up to it there won't be any lifting at all at the park x. Ah. Just read that she can't leave the house.  Doh..Sounds nasty.Yay for the sun. Boo for pullups..I'm here. Mint Street Park. London, United Kingdom. https://plus.google.com/104062158944141048688/about?hl=en. But I seem to be the only one. Did I get it wrong?.Second.There are no storms.Hooray!.Perhaps. V, did you say funfair sunday?.Oh . So not a funfair..We have too much mint and too many limes.... this means mojitos this evening if anyone's central.That's my kind of storm.And yet only 2 exclamation marks :) hope you're having a lovely holiday x. Come on down if you fancy it, guys.I think we're here all day.Caravan King's Cross. Granary Building, Granary Square, 1, London, United Kingdom. https://plus.google.com/100960395727435997282/about?hl=en. We are quite near here.Wow that's long. See you in bits.Appreciated. I'm going for mojitos as a kill or cure. I fear it may be kill this time.One day soon, dude.Our first corgette. Bants. [MEDIA] .A lovely splash of colour :). V, I think I'm going to give fairground a miss. We made kimchi which needs eating.Considering Wednesday.Hyyyyype!.... damn this smug sense of knowing what's going to happen!.It's measles I think.We shouted at the baddies enough for everyone. Catch you out for dinners one of these eves, marth?.If you make a loose booking we can call back in the day time tomorrow.Stop being so mysterious!. Either tell us what's happening or come to the damn dinner!.Lol. Did you break in?.Park sounds nice. It is a glorious day..Fancy!. What time are y'all heading parkwards, y'all?.Splendid.Dang. Wiped. I'm heading off now I guess.I'm working from boat. /library.No drinking for me.Beautiful.Phil, where did you go?.At the bar now. With Sam Adams.I don't think I shall be troubling to watch any more Honduras games. When I think of all the things I could have done with those 2 hours. ...Kritz, you were integral to the spirit of healthy sportsmanship :).Eep. I'm glad your not going to blow up, owen.Cripes. Is there no other way for you to travel? Bus or sommat?.Any vitals I can pick up for dinner.I can tell everyone has the end of season blues.But we must rally together!. At castle southwark.That's the spirit!.Lemons check.Y'all suck.Go Mexico!.Well held, Mexicans.I salute thee.I'm in like a gin sling.Sounds good Martita.Either is good for me. When are you thinking?.They'll squeeze in one more, right?. I'm done with work now. Done and done.They'll squeeze in 2 more,  right?.Unless the table is an irregular polygon.... I'm also there in 5.Sounds reasonably priced :).Lorna! I didn't want you not to come! I was only glad that everyone would be able to sit down!. Curse you Phil! Curse you!!. (Mike, check if that's more exclamation marks than I've ever used).I'm not in Oxford. I did steal your jumped. I'm sorry for that.I will return it forthwith. (I.e. Sunday).Sorry for the Stalisfield. Stealsies. Enjoy your festie petals x.Lol. Spin the yarn Mike.I thought you both weren't running today! Kudos Lora, you are hard..Much respect for the runners. We're just setting of from islington of anyone fancies a boat trip. Happy to pick peeps up along the way if you're sick for a Sunday activity.Around mile end I think, V. We're getting closer now in truth.Not yet- we're coming down the lock before it. We'll stop by Victoria Park probably.What was your time?.Alriiiiiiight!.(I don't know if that's good. .. But it sounds good! ).We're alright, just been floating about. We now live near London fields.. I was so sure yesterday was Sunday that today has been a complete bonus!.Sorry dude- I'll send money for me and Dave now..I have insufficient Internet. I'll do it tomorrow if that's ok..That is malspelled. But I like the sense.I sent 17 pounds- dave said he have you 7 already.Zoo thing on Friday night-is it just a Saturday thing?. I might well be up for a Saturday on the beach. Happy to be second driver, but don't want to sign up to zip car.Are you done drinking?. I could join for a quick hello, or head straight to barbeque land.Swish bastard. Ok, I'll pop over for one.Being at ele is tough. We are hiding from rain but will be there soon.We didn't discuss beach.Sounds good. Do we have any spare tickets for the zoo on Friday? My brother's in town.Classy- I love it.Oooh, let me know Mike.It doesn't look right.I think it might be sold out-i was on the website today.Someone left us a penguin. [MEDIA] .Shhiiiiiiiyt.Were you still up for burritos tonight V?. I have to do laundry but I'm free after.Anyone else? V speaks very highly of these burritos. That'll work.Beautiful.Where's good to meet, V?.Fab.I am starting to get burrito hungry :D.Nice.Em's birthday is in Finsbury Park Park from 6.30 this evening. Y'all should come.They're all together on a page. I guess we could print a copy each. I've done one. Let's get there for 6.I'll be there in 5.Where?. [MEDIA] . This guy was the best. Soooooo cudddley. And he eats ants.. Hope your release was as awesome as a release can be.It would make an epic pet.I think we'll pop round later- we have a box full of salad leaves which need picking before they all flower. We also have much mint.Fnah. Are y'all chilliling at yours after this extra time penalties disappointment bonanza?.Dinner plans? Shall we make a ruddy great pot of something?.Yummmm.I'm sorry hun. It wasn't fair. Well, I guess it was. But on a wider scale, it wasn't.That sounds close to work- I'm in :).I'm hibernating I think.Are you going to Bristol,  Mike? Is anyone else up for it?. It's a festival! (Looking at you, Bunny).St pauls carnival. Down Bristol way. Yay Sam- nip!.Aaah, the old ones are the best :) Thanks Marth. Want to do something this evening? Considering a stroll round Somerset House if it's fine. (Reading Austen is playing merry hell with my vernacular).Yesssss.I just read Siddharta. That were good.Let's do it. I forsee sparkling wine. And cups.We can't take booze in.I'm walking from work- 15 mins.  Which pub?.I'll be there in 5, my battery won't.I'm at Somerset House by the fountains. Bunn?.Nah, pub. No booze in the house innit. Well look who had time for a pint after work!. I say we have another and go on with Martita. It's proper to turn about the square with a lady each.We're are heading to a park near the pub. For boozing.Yes. Just buying booze. What's your tipple?.location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5111562,-0.1131502. No.Middle Temple Gardens. Middle Temple Gardens, London, UK. https://maps.google.com/maps/place?q=Middle+Temple+Gardens&ftid=0x487604b477fded89:0x595827a4ef516363. Hnya.Ahhhhh. Kings kiss.Likr. Doh.Any bbq plans ce soir? Or are you having a night off meat?.Yeeesaaj. Just gotta finish this thing. Grue.Me too :).Leaving the put quite soon. What food shall we eat? I need barbeque replacement comfort.. Mind if we come over and make a big pot of something, Slam?.Wicket.Ha.Yeah.What a thing to ask! I hate existing in space..Which makes you conceptually very interesting, but terrible company.What time are people who exist in both space and time likely to show up, given that they're not in Brussels?.Joining the cool kids in space, eh?.Can someone put a pin in?. Is there food?.Quite a big queue note. Now. Did you get a table. ?.Ok.The chap just said I'd be the last one in without a ticket.I'm in for anywhere where I don't have to pay 10 pounds and queue an hour for food.We're in place with a 25ft screen near hackney wick if anyone's close.We haven't gone in yet, must stuff food. Will send intel when available.A human in for perspective. [MEDIA] .Nah.I wanted to get an early night. Waah.Picture!. Maybe a seal is what my hangover needs. [MEDIA] . Performance at in new street square. It's no seal.You gotta get out of hatfield, man.I sure can, Phil. Ah dang, he was out. I picked you up some maiden's tears though.I'm no maiden.Drink after work anyone?. Pint of tears?. Or beers?.I will tolerate your pre holiday smuggery :). Where did you decide on in the end?.Wicked- enjoy x.I'd head that way for one. Where did you have in mind?.Cool. Sithee soon.Bum.Daaaw. It's coming babe. Good shit is thoroughly coming your way x. Good to see you drinking good quality french lager on the train wigs x.Students will be students- keep the roof top raved aburning!.What area people's plans for the game?.Hackney venue was pretty chilled last time, might be more happening for the final. They also had a terrible beer selection. Massive screen though.I think it's unlikely to be a stunning game, given the standard of football so far.The Germans don't play dirty.  And Messi doesn't dive....Sounds right to me. Are y'all in now? I'm bored of cleaning.O and E are on their way. I'm still deliberating whether to wait for Dave to get home. Anyone planning to fire up the barbie?.Are you comin over, lorna lass? And sam lad?.Good call! Xx.Phil, I know I said we'd come, but I think it's going to have to be working late and sleeping for me instead.  Waah..Is that what bratwurst is?.God damn Americans thinking you're going to smuggle some Mexicans over the border in tequila bottles?.Eyyyyyy!.It's nearly as big as Phil!.Sam, I am beginning to think of you as the boy who cried 'beach'.I'll have to discuss with my guapito- it sounds like a nice plan.And there was I thinking that bottle was for sharing :).We were wondering if anyone wanted to come and see shitfaced shakeapeare this weekend. http://www.magnificentbastard.co.uk/shitfacedshake.html. Gets quite good reviews. Also, yes to the beach- I'd love to take the helm but I have no address and am therefore uninsurable :D. That is all.Sweet. It's in Hackney wick do a bit of a trek for you and O. But he's on holiday, so toy can always stay if it helps. Also I am doing a beginners yoga class ton it. Tonight near London fields if anyone is into it. Looking at you, Shaggy.Well that won't work. Kicking- have an awesome time y'all. Don't get arrested :).Octupus whoop! I think we were thinking friday or sunday, could very well be Sunday.I'm going to miss my yoga class. ... Where are y'all drinking?. Shitface shakespeare gets good reviews... How many tickets shall I get for sunday night?. And which tickets? We can be merry for £8, drink and be merry for £10, or eat, drink and be merry for a bit more. I think..I'm on my way Bong- no theatre for me. I'm not sure, I'm out of data so I can't look it up, but it's at the Swan something Theatre in Hackney Wick if you'd like to do some research.Where's that near, lize? I'm lost wivout me maps.Poifect x.We'll be there a while lorna.I'll get on it when I have wifi. Might need some pesos back quickish though, payday being just round the corner.Owen, do scrolling up.Ah.I'm not there. Lize is there.  Maybe Sam..Bong, lorna, are you coming? All of these guys are of to a theatre party in a jif and  I'll be all alone.Failed. Sorry guys.  I feel slightly drunk and very full of cheese..Ouch, Shags. That was cruel. At least am after 6pm rule must be implemented.Awww, I want a magic toilet. Have lovely times, y'all. (Post 6pm I can process pleasure for others :)).It's not cider, it's cidar. La di da.Sounds right. Where is this cidar jam?.Depends on my graph output in the next few hours. It is feasible that I could.On my way in 5 - shouldn't take me long. Can someone put a pin in when they get there? Damned datalessness.Anyone around?.We are above the bar.It's seeming pretty chilled.C'mon, Dave!. Stop working!.Are the beach people going to the beach?.For a wonderfully British day out :). Do Austrians huddle on picnic blankets in the rain?. Anyway. We're going to head off in a bit.We went the wrong way. Going to be later..Niiiice.Thanks guys x.Dave bought.  It's at the Swan wharf at 8.30, but do come up before hand and sample the local craft beer- I believe there is also a small hip hop festival going on around here.Afternoon sounds grand. We're about 5 minutes walk from Hackney Wick station, will let you all know if we head out but it'll be in the surrounding area. EMOJI[1f346] .On the subject of which. If we make food later, will people eat it?.Mmmmbeans. Dinner at 7ish? We're probably going to chill in Victoria Park this afternoon if anyone fancies joining us.Hackney wick end. Will do a pin.We're going to head home in account of it looking like rain. Will put a pin in.Sorry guys, bad form.Damn your house bants knowitallism.Daaaww, Shaggy.Anyone fancy a pint?. Probably not too far away from where I am?. Or park drinks perhaps?.Solidarity appreciated none the less, sister.Hmmmmmm...... Is there a good spot to hang around there? I'll be about 30 mins so it works out pretty well.Aiight. I'll grab a couple of boozes and see you there in bits x.Ha. I'm here too.. location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.5325058,-0.0675727. By the 5 a side.Awesome- wouldn't want to ruin your 'premium lager alone' loom.Mmmmmmm. Bread gloves. I can imagine collateral finger damage though ow.Ha - was good?.We should go for beers there tomorrow night.When do you want it for?.I'm afraid lucy is a no- he's got some beautiful mandy though, apparently. Talk about girls names.Not hackney wick then. Whatevs.On my way.The rain has stopped....Not wetherspoons- too bright. Is anyone else around?. I'm pretty much where cuba libre should have been.We were in no state at all.Although I will be wearing a bow toe no matter what. To mark the occasion.Orange wednesday?.Truly it is glorious :). I feel like posting pictures would be akin to a hate crime, so I won't.Supersweet!.Why so quiet, horde? Did we lose the battle? Is this valhalla?. [MEDIA] .Chad Scott.  Idiot..Happy birthday Shaggy! I'm affixing my bow toe x.Alas, I think not.  We are on holiday..What is this cone with squiggly lines that means party?  EMOJI[1f389] ?.Nice. Here's our contribution.. I also feel mike wants some respect for the evil birthday dog, so mad props for that. [MEDIA] .Can you record it? Does that still happen?.Or could iplayer it later in the week?  Would be happy to join you to yaahboo at Alex Salmond.Glaaaaarp.Yaaaay!.A few people have set on fire already. I imagine it will be hard to stop people ordering them from China,  which is where they all seem to come from anyway.Was he under water?.Ye gods. Is it possible?.Or shoeverisation, where the victim is beaten to death with his own shoes.... Good Fridaying, everyone x.I'm just having lunch :(.What are y'all up to tonight?.We're going promming... Trouble is we're going to miss the last train to our current mooring... Would you boys take us in for the night?.Boat trip still on for tomorrow if you require payback/greenery.Waaah- I like kritz's idea best.I'm heading citywards presently- currently in Broxbourne, so I'll be a while. ...True. Perhaps I should travel through letterland...Come on. Over. Zeus is messing up play a little, but it's hella sunny.Your predictive text is becoming a problem.Park by the boys house. location: https://maps.google.com/?q=51.520252,0.0078891. Except not quite there. Bring a small speaker if you have one.Engastration. I had to look it up.. Not a thing in vegetarianism.. I am pro-fort, by the way. Much better than our studio plan - no worries about playing the drums there.Why indeed?. Tee hee hee.Nol.Mmm.....reggae.You realise that doesn't mean you're cool right?. Sorry. 8% beer. Shhhhh.Is that distance mud wrestling?.You could sell that kigu, no question. Maybe big data ain't your game.Nol. (I'm sticking with nol).Nol. (Proven).Just a working day.  [MEDIA] .Nice one.Disproved!.Is Pj in Delhi or Mumbai?.Bum.Well it has to be!.Waaaay ahead of you buddy. Literally.Wow Marth. Awesome. I hope you find your spirit animal x. Chutney also looks awesome- sorry I couldn't lend a hand for tomatogeddon.I forgot how  eerie that flatbread was. Thanks for sharing x.Awesome.Yarp.And you get to join the smug club. That was a lol.Daaaw, prior engagement- send them my love. How's the house coming, Henry?.I can't remember the last time I felt this Friday.I am not going to achieve any more today. ... I may take myself to the pub.I decided to do a nap instead.Are other people just receptioning too? Any day time plans?.You disappoint me, horde. Good night.Raaarrr boo hiss,  your face.Lol.Hey double J, when did you get back? We're kicking around the city until party time if peeps fancy joining.Dang. It's a one of them chicken and eggs.Yeeeah.I wasn't bowled over by their cocktails- was I wrong?. Cato, will keep you in the loop.Good vision, mediocre execution, I thought. But then,  it probably depends on the man and the day.I'm game. When are you thinking?.I am at your whim. Just tell me where to go.Sagar and Wilde then? Sounds like we might need that hip flask :).We'll head over soonish- deaf be there by 7. Def.I don't have a hip flask.Dubious.That's when the reception is.Tell them you're part of the wedding party.Good hussle this weekend, horde. You have undissapointed me x.Except Phil, who had downloaded us 2 seasons of GoT in Russian.Dubbed. We need you in situ.Nice one shags.  See you in a bit :). They've given Bran the voice of a 50 year old man.Sounds good. For those of you who don't use Facebook, I'm booking you on the 20th for fun times around the Palm Tree, Mile End.Birthday birthday!.What have they seen? Yea gods!.Might have a snoozy one tonight....Dave is not coming home early so I will come for a beer./tequila. Though not in your garden.But Phil displayed such willingness to leave the house. ....Either way is cooo. I'm happy with lb.With foosball?.I'm also heading now. There are done Othery nice pubs around, but we are creatures of hair. Habit. Lol.Where should we go then, Shagrat the Adventurer?.So did I, shagrat the adventurer, creature of hair.Yessss.Friday, innit.Second. Phil,  can you make sure the veggie sawsages are vegan? Linda Macartneys are a good bet. Thank you!.Hero.For real.Thank you Owen. Much appreciated.Nunununununununa nununa turd.Lol. Chive favouring. Nice rhymes, o. Where did V go?.Niiiiiice intro.Kronks.With Gerard Depardieu.Hlol.I guess we'll never know. .. Anyone up for a slightly earlier one? Hoping to be fine by 9. So Sam can't try to get me drunk again.For fine read home.No?. Aiight.None more than I - but I have a Londoners workload which I prefer to get done in the morning.I was counting on you guys :).Yum.. 7 is good.I'm aiming that way now. Olize?.I'm in.I didn't see which way you went, O.. I'm outside.  Lize had gone to the upstairs bar..Whoop!.Fresh as a daisy :). This had never happened to me before.....Jlol.Wellcome collection tonight?. The a to z of the human condition. Sounds interizzle.Ha.So like you :). [MEDIA] . Apple thinks it's people.Roman numerals are always a stately option.Did you catch this one for Reuters, babes?.Puuuuub?.C town? But it's a beautiful evening!.So many beautiful evenings in C town.Cycle up to Millfields!. I have just finished working from pub :).What you up to, Phil?. Working hard?.I may get a drink here to stop the barman glaring at me.Bet you can't find a slow larry in Hamburg.Thanks for all the hard work, guys :). Wellcome is sweet, the exhibition is small, but the permanent exhibition is also worth a look. In the vacinity of the cider tap aswell, which is a home away from home for a West Country man.The beer version is the Euston tap- it's much busier, with much more liklihood of having to stand on the pavement. [MEDIA] . Eric Cantona. 1987.Looking every inch the hero.Mmmmm. Shall we do something else instead of brunch?.The time for fry ups may have passed. But if anyone fancies coming round for a beer and a board game you'd be more than welcome.Or out for a roast later?. Options.Both sound intriguing. Will you be stripping out the copper as well, Joe?.(Have since looked up what flint knapping is- looks like fun).Where's the second one from?.Anyone want to come try out the climbing wall at mile end this evening?.7ish?.Yesssddddd.Super convenient from my new office abode. I'm in for a couple.Bingo said the about. Anchor. What time are peeps arriving?.I have to finish this thing. I may be an hour :(.Won't be long. I've had enough of this.13 minute walk from here.I'm outside Bong- let's enjoy this mild evening.Owen owen owen, what was the pretty building game for phones you talked about, with the building interaction and such?.I need a game. You mentioned you were playing one. A building game. Where rabbits interact work blueberries and the like.Bum.I only need a phone game.A building game. With pretty. All crowd sourced suggestions welcome.I feel a little deflated. There's no pleasing some people..Yeeeeeeah.Betfair called it.Thanks y'all. Yeah,  let's go see Martita. Bring hats.Such a prestigious day to share my birthday with.Yay party cones! Yay borthdog!.It sure it Owen. It sure is..Arrrrr, t'is a party skull.. Thanks Cate :).Ha.Ha. Martita! You are back in our lives! Yay!. What time will we be welcome at your abode ce soir?.Hey c town, can I borrow your cool box?.I think it's Chinese.Yes.There will be no rushing. I won't allow it. (I haven't successfully been vertical yet today).Meeeeh.Haroo!.Good hustle today,  y'all.  Much love xx.Is anyone short a helmet?. We have collected several.Pretty! Is it made of something lighter than meteorites?.Hmmmmmmm..... It's a thought.  What time do you usually go?. Cripes.Where is it in the galaxy that had triple breasted whores?.No... It's a more distant star system.Eroticon 6. Thanks Henry..You're selling it Slam.I'll bring me sporty bits to work and make the decision on the grounds of whether I can be bothered tomorrow.I was given a pearl of wisdom by one of the managers at work today. He said his friend's family motto is. 'You never regret a swim'. I feel the principle is the same.Rugrats?.Cripes.Awesome.Dang. Phonics.Anyone fancy brixton on Thursday to see Pete draw some funnies?.Eccentrica gallumbits!.No it don't not. Ooohhh, ambiguous.First thing for ages that has properly given me the willies.  After I watch it I have to turn all the lights on. And I haven't even met the spaghetti monster yet..Well aren't you appreciating art. I just think it's dark as night. I find watching 2 in a row a struggle.Home now. Hope climb was good.Owen?.I'm doing it Mike. I'm doing it. Shona tova, by the way.And we have your helmet also- I feel we should get it back to you asap as you will keep falling off like a plonker.Lol.Anyone celebrating this national day, then?.A horn which is a surprise? Or a horn with which he can signal surprise?.I'll head over for a sensible one.There is a pin in. X.Lol.Ha.I think they mean skirt size causes cancer..Solved!.Perhaps you should do a pamphlet. But not wearing skirts doesn't stop you have a skirt size. So yes dave. You should.Can't celebrate Thursday this week. Enjoy it though!.Nice one Cate.  Can I just buy a snow monkey through you?. We'll club together 300. It can live in c town.Yeeeeeeah. Win it like the 80s, Cate!  Xx.Good banter everyone. Catching up on 94 messages was not a waste of my time x.Sorry to miss this momentous occasion. Needs to be a Sunday of penitence though.My parents were staying. Feel like if we can't get through a weekend of moderation with them then I'm pretty much genetically screwed. And I will always have to have sunday hangovers.That's tomorrow aswell! You double life leader you.Plus investment in liver cirrhosis at this stage negates the need to think about retirement plans. Morbid, yet simple.Neither true, nor a fact. But 'true fact' is a truism.. So there's that. Man, I'm in a monday mood. Sigh..I decided to try itsu again. Bad decision.. That shit is nasty..Party cones!.They leave a lot to be desired in the world of noodle soups. Tomato soup isn't Japanese!. They have taken 'fusion' to a terrible place.They also don't do any veg sushi really. Which makes wasabi my lunchtime fave.Cuuuuuute!.I'd be up for that.Could do..... I don't have plans. I don't think.That is very inconsiderate of them.Yessss.I'm up for it. Let's eat food beforehand.Yummmmm. Is that where we get hats and drunk?.Not crazy convenient for shoreditch gig. ...Nice one Joe :) party cones all round!.Are you finished?  Is it national leave work on time day again?.Leaving work in 5. Walking up towards shoreditch. Will be around around 6.20 ish.Yaaaaay!.Where to then?.Just past liver p. Ool street. With everyone else in the world.I see. Is he out tomorrow?.Well give his lady flower ass a cuddle from me. I'll be in the box park.Whoop.Upstairs closest to the curvy bridge.We're still at boxpark.Sam's just winding down.Oh v, I'm sorry for our tardiness.We're going for dinner... wanna join?.We are in chico banditos. We have scored a big table. And 2 hats. Get movin!.Cuuuute.Are you not drinking with your work peeps anymore, Dave?.It's hebdominal leave work on time day!. Happy friday, everyone :).Eeeeehhhhh.Second.What are you using goldman sachs as a synonym for there, bongo?.Lol.Lol. 8.8 cans of beer. At a can of beer an hour. No, I don't know. Dave's good at that.Lol. Good.Hey C town, anyone about?. Dave fell in a fountain and then I tried to fix his phone and broke it and now I really fancy a hot shower!. And your good company, of course.He is sillt. Silly. But ok.Alright if we pop round to chill?.I also have visions of chilli later. Chillin and chilli. Aiight.Beer and germans in the rain.... I am feeling an indoor day kinda.Awwww yeeah.Sounds like a party. Sorry we couldn't make it v.Gotta move the bossy. Boat.He's in the states til Wednesday. I'll send it on.Alright. I won't send it on!. Oh.That's better :).YAAAAAAAAAAAWWWN.Nah, we studied phrenology. Bumpy heads and that. Right?. And it was mothmatics. The motions of moths.You bumped into a lot of lights. We were encouraged to really get into the moth mindset.Play was really good. They had a fish fight. Equals awesome.Just like that.Anyone want to come celebrate national cocktail week in Soho this evening?. Just a swift one.We'll be à paris as of tomorrow.Ha.We may have an early one as we have an early Eurostar tomorrow. But will keep you posted. http://www.londoncocktailweek.com. Having just looked, you have to buy expensive wristbands to receive £4 cocktails. So it's only a good deal of yoy plan on getting smashed. * please drink responsibly.15 english pounds!. Not bad if you were going to go every night.But terrible for one day.Lol.Au revoir, Londre!. A toute suite!.I wish I had del boy'd that on purpose.Pints in lederhosen also count extra.Yes. Congrats basement ginge!. Award fully deserved.Doh, we're away that weekend. How was everyone's holidays?.Of course!. Were the lederhosen on lend or did you bring 'em home?.I wanna read about the sex orgy death crash. Please provide a high resolution version. As I don't want to type it into Google.Cripes.Was removed.  Sounds ominous.. WHODUNNIT?.Probably all the other first classers are jealpus of that.Awesome. Nice one buddy x.That is so long away. I need to leave work much sooner. Anyone else?.Seems a way to go to go back to lb.Sure you don't just all want to be at lb sooner?.Never mind,  I'm very drunk on my own. No. I'll get drink on my own. Future tense.What's that game you play where you let the predictive text speak for you? Worrying.Except for the first time in the UK.. I am a beautiful person.. I am a beautiful person. The comments for your help. I have a meeting of the most of the most of the most of the most popular and I am a beautiful.. Worrying.. Deserves a tumbleweed.  I feel like my predictive text has over shared..Of course!.Just got to the george. I have a paper and a pint of coke.Awesome to the max.#safetydance.Just meetings for me.  I think the beautiful person thing is a Samsung bug which is supposed to make me feel good but actually makes me feel mildly schizophrenic.. Yours sounds like you though, geezer ;).Sounds like fun - but we're off to visit the fam. Enjoy!.I missed the moment to felicitate your birthday - hope you had a good one, Joe.Phew. Thanks Mike.Happy Monday sweetie x. Thanks for injecting some genuine cheer :).Lols.Plus everyone there thinks you're a cunt. Jus sayin.I never quit a job that wasn't completely menial. But I can imagine it might be.Pretty soon someone else is going to come along whose gong to be perfect for that job, Mike. It's better this way.Might pop over for one if you're about for a bit. It's laundry time right now.My face hurts from working. I wish it was beer time.Seems so....It's just at the end of hoxton st- post laundry pint?.Are y'all still there?.Does that pub exist? Or would you just like to go to a pub of that name?.Such verbose lads. But lads nonetheless.Is it a religious pub?. I'm very taken with its name.Gosh.Are there any spare kigus?.Thanks for the pep talk Bunny. Much appreciated.Like.I'm at the rosemary branch. Islington. S' very nice.Yeeeah. Go on. Is like a haven of tranquillity in here.Yiiiiiip. Are you close?.Feeling near as faded add my jeans...What's your ETA MSJ?.I'm at the rosemary branch. Mike's on his way. Just going to have one or two.Lorna and sam, do you have plans tomorrow? Want to come for an adventure mega adventure aerial ropes thing in West London?.Blah. B. Blah. Blah. Blah blah.Meme like an idea of a thing?.It's a philosophy term. Some philosopher stated it.Started it. Yeah,  Phil.No wuz.Funny.We're going to see 20,000 days on earth at the Prince Charles this evening. If anyone fancies it.Nick Cave film. About making a film. Of a fictional day of his life. That's what I gather.Coo. Thinks it's 1830 showing. We've booked tickets